1. Place the stock, lentils, celery, carrot, thyme, and salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer until the lentils are tender, about 30 minutes, depending on the lentils. (If they begin to dry out, add water as needed.) Remove and discard the thyme. Drain and transfer the mixture to a bowl; let cool.
2. Fold in the tomato, apple, lemon juice, and olive oil. Season with the pepper.
3. To assemble a wrap, place 1 lavash sheet on a clean work surface. Spread some of the lentil mixture on the end nearest you, leaving a 1-inch border. Top with several slices of turkey, then some of the lettuce. Roll up the lavash, slice crosswise, and serve. If using tortillas, spread the lentils in the center, top with the turkey and lettuce, and fold up the bottom, left side, and right side before rolling away from you.
Combine first 9 ingredients in heavy medium saucepan. Add 3 shallots. Bring to simmer. Remove from heat, cover and let stand 30 minutes. Chill overnight.
Preheat oven to 325°F. Line 7-cup pâté or bread pan with plastic wrap. Melt butter in heavy small skillet over low heat. Add remaining 5 shallots. Cover and cook until very soft, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Transfer to processor. Add pork, eggs, flour and Port and puree. Strain cream mixture, pressing on solids to extract as much liquid as possible. With processor running, add cream through feed tube and process just until combined with pork. Transfer to large bowl. Mix in currants.
Spoon mixture into prepared pan. Cover with foil. Place pan in large pan. Add boiling water to larger pan to within 1/2 inch of top of terrine. Bake until terrine begins to shrink from sides of pan and knife inserted into center comes out clean, about 1 1/2 hours. Uncover and cool on rack. Chill until cold. (Can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill.)
Line platter with lettuce. Arrange terrine atop. Sprinkle with pepper and parsley. Garnish with bay leaves. Spoon confit around sides. Serve with bread.
Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onions and sauté until crisp-tender, about 8 minutes. Add all remaining ingredients and stir until reduced to thick glaze, about 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cover and chill.) Serve warm or at room temperature.
In a large heavy saucepan cook diced fennel and onion in butter over moderate heat, stirring, until softened, about 10 minutes. Peel and cube potatoes. Add potatoes and broth to fennel mixture and simmer, covered, until potatoes are very tender, about 20 minutes. In a blender or food processor purée mixture in batches until smooth and return to saucepan. Stir in milk and salt and pepper to taste and simmer soup, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes, or until heated through.
Garnish soup with reserved fennel leaves.
Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion; sauté until translucent and beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Add wine and anchovy paste. Boil until reduced to 3/4 cup, about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes with juice; bring to boil.
Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Add fish to skillet atop tomato mixture. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until fish is cooked through, about 9 minutes. Using slotted metal spatula, transfer fish to plate and tent with foil to keep warm. Mix olives, 2 teaspoons oregano, and orange peel into sauce in skillet. Increase heat to high and boil until sauce is reduced and thickened, about 6 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Place 1 fish fillet on each of 4 plates. Pour sauce over and around fish, sprinkle with remaining 1 teaspoon oregano, and serve with warm toasted bread.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly grease 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Blend spinach, noodles, sour cream, pesto sauce and nutmeg in large bowl. Spoon mixture into prepared dish. Sprinkle cheese over. Bake until set, about 45 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes.
Mix basil, mayonnaise and butter in processor until basil is finely chopped and mixture is well blended. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.)
Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until crisp, about 8 minutes. Transfer to paper towels; drain.
Spread half of mayonnaise mixture over 1 side of 6 bread slices. Top each with 2 tomato slices. Sprinkle tomatoes with salt and pepper. Top tomato slices with avocado, then with bacon strips, onion and lettuce. Spread remaining mayonnaise mixture over remaining 6 bread slices. Place bread slices atop lettuce. Cut sandwiches in half and serve.
Cook potatoes and carrots in large pot of boiling salted water until almost tender, about 7 minutes. Add asparagus and peas; cook until vegetables are just tender, about 3 minutes longer. Drain. Rinse with cold water; drain. Transfer to large bowl. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.)
Add ham to vegetables. Add Shallot Vinaigrette to salad and toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Line bowl with spinach. Top with salad and serve.
Stir together sugar and chili powder. Whisk egg whites with water until dissolved. Working with 1 kumquat at a time, dip 1 side in whites, letting excess drip off, then dip in sugar mixture. Transfer to a rack to dry, coated side up.
Stir together soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil, white and pale green scallions, garlic, ginger, and 2 tablespoons sesame seeds in a bowl until sugar is dissolved. Add steak and toss to coat, then marinate 15 minutes.
Heat vegetable oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over high heat until just smoking, then add steak in 1 layer and sauté, turning over occasionally, until browned and just cooked through, about 5 minutes total. Transfer to a platter and sprinkle with scallion greens and remaining 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, then serve with accompaniments.
*Available at Asian markets and many supermarkets.
Chop enough parsley leaves to measure 1 tablespoon; reserve. Chop remaining leaves and stems and simmer with broth and garlic in a small saucepan, covered, 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, sprinkle gelatin over water in a medium bowl and let soften 1 minute. Strain broth through a fine-mesh sieve into bowl with gelatin and stir to dissolve. Season with salt and pepper. Set bowl in an ice bath and cool to room temperature, stirring.
Toss ham with reserved parsley and divide among jars. Pour gelatin on top and chill until set, at least 1 hour.
Whisk together mayonnaise, mustard, vinegar, 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Stir in celery, cornichons, and potatoes.
Pulse peas with marjoram, oil, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a food processor to a coarse mash.
Layer peas, then potato salad, over ham.
Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallots and minced rosemary and sauté until tender, about 3 minutes. Add yams and broth to skillet and bring to boil. Cover skillet, reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until yams are almost tender, about 10 minutes. Add cream and sprinkle lightly with nutmeg. Simmer uncovered until yams are very tender and liquid thickens and coats yams, about 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Transfer to microwave-safe dish. Chill until cold, then cover and keep chilled. Rewarm, covered, in microwave on medium-low heat.)
Preheat oven to 300°F.
Wrap blacan tightly in a piece of foil and roast in middle of oven 10 minutes. Unwrap and cool. Discard tough outer leaves of lemongrass and trim root ends. Thinly slice lower 6 inches of stalks. Fold upper stalks into thirds and tie into a bundle with kitchen string. In 2 batches, purée blacan, sliced lemongrass, and remaining spice paste ingredients in a mini food processor until almost smooth.
Soak bean-curd puffs in hot water in a bowl, weighted with another bowl of water to keep puffs immersed, 20 minutes. Squeeze as much water as possible from puffs and halve diagonally. While puffs soak, simmer chicken in stock in a saucepan, turning occasionally, until just cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes, and cool chicken in a bowl. Pour stock through a fine sieve into another bowl. Discard chicken skin and bones and shred or slice chicken. Blanch bean sprouts in a pot of boiling water 15 seconds and drain well.
Heat oil in a 6- to 7-quart heavy pot over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and stir in spice paste. (Oil should be hot enough for spice paste to sizzle when added.) Cook, stirring constantly, until spice paste begins to stick to bottom of pot, 8 to 10 minutes. (Oil will separate out, and mixture will appear curdled. Paste will reduce and turn a shade darker; do not let brown.) Add coconut milk, sugar, stock, and lemongrass bundle and bring to a simmer, stirring. Stir in puffs and gently simmer 20 minutes. Stir in shrimp and simmer until just cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in chicken and salt to taste.
While laksa simmers, bring a large pot of water to a boil for noodles. If using fresh noodles, cook 1 minute and drain well, rinsing briefly under water if sticking occurs. If using dried noodles, cook according to package directions. Divide noodles, bean sprouts, shrimp, chicken, and puffs among 4 deep bowls and ladle laksa broth over.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Coat cake pans with nonstick spray. Line bottom of pans with parchment; coat paper. Whisk flour, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat sugar, butter, and brown sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add eggs one at a time, beating to blend between additions and occasionally scraping down sides and bottom of bowl. Beat in vanilla.
Add dry ingredients; beat on low speed just to blend. Add bananas and sour cream; beat just to blend. Fold in mini chips. Divide batter evenly among pans; smooth tops.
Bake cakes until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Transfer to wire racks; let cool in pans for 10 minutes. Invert cakes onto racks; peel off parchment and let cool completely.
Using an electric mixer, beat first 4 ingredients in a medium bowl until a light and fluffy frosting forms, 2-3 minutes.
Place 1 cake on a platter. Spread 1 1/4 cups frosting over. Place remaining cake on top. Cover top and sides of cake with remaining frosting. Garnish with chocolate chips and kisses. DO AHEAD: Cake can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. Let stand at room temperature for 1 hour before serving.
Sprinkle steaks with salt and pepper. Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add steaks; cook to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to platter. Add 2 tablespoons parsley and garlic to skillet; stir 30 seconds. Add broth, then brandy. Boil until juices are reduced to glaze, about 6 minutes. Spoon glaze over steaks. Sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon parsley.
Using the tip of a paring knife, score an X in the bottom of peach. Cook in a small saucepan of boiling water just until skin begins to peel back where cut, about 30 seconds. Transfer to a bowl of ice water; let cool. Peel and coarsely chop.
Bring peach, sugar, vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 2 tablespoons water to a boil in a small saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until peach is very soft and mixture thickens slightly, 5–8 minutes. Pulse in a blender until chunky (do not purée). Transfer to a medium bowl; let cool.
Mix in Dijon and whole grain mustards and chives; season with salt and pepper.
Purée vegetable juice, spinach, and escarole (if using) in a blender until smooth. Add remaining ingredients and pulse to combine, leaving some texture.
Chill soup, covered, until cold, about 1 hour.
Butter and sugar six 2/3-to 3/4-cup ramekins. Bring 1 cup water and next 5 ingredients just to boil in medium saucepan, stirring occasionally. Gradually whisk in cornmeal. Reduce heat to low; stir until mixture is thick and creamy, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in yolks.
Beat egg whites and cream of tartar in medium bowl until soft peaks form. Stir 1/3 of whites into cornmeal mixture. Fold in remaining whites in 2 additions. Divide among ramekins. Place on rimmed baking sheet. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Bake spoon breads until almost set in center, about 22 minutes (26 minutes if chilled). Serve immediately with strawberry preserves.
Put oven rack in lower third of oven and preheat oven to 350°F.
Pat pork dry and sprinkle all over with salt. Heat olive oil in pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown pork on all sides, about 10 minutes total. Transfer to a plate. Add carrots, celery, and onion to pot and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 10 minutes. Return pork to pot, along with bay leaves, spices, and water, and bring to a simmer. Cover pot with lid, then transfer to oven and braise, turning pork over once, until center is tender but not falling apart when pierced with a paring knife, 2 1/2 to 3 hours.
Transfer pork to a cutting board and keep warm, loosely covered with foil. Pour braising liquid through a sieve into a bowl, discarding solids. Skim off fat and keep liquid warm, covered.
Cut meat across the grain into 6 slices (each slice may break into 2 or 3 smaller pieces, depending on part of shoulder you have; discard string if necessary). Heat vegetable oil in a 12-inch heavy nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sear pork slices in 2 batches, turning over once, about 3 minutes per batch. Transfer to plates as browned and spoon some braising liquid over pork. Serve with remaining braising liquid.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Oil baking sheet. Arrange peppers, cut side up, on sheet. Mix tomatoes and garlic in medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Fill pepper cavities with tomato mixture. Drizzle 1 teaspoon oil over each. Place 2 anchovy fillets atop each. Bake until peppers are tender, about 50 minutes.
Arrange cheese atop peppers. Bake until cheese melts, about 3 minutes. Transfer peppers to platter. Sprinkle with basil and serve.
Puree first 5 ingredients in blender until smooth. With machine running, gradually add vegetable oil, then olive oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.
Cook asparagus in large skillet of boiling salted water until just tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer asparagus to 13x9x2-inch pan of ice water to cool. Drain asparagus and pat dry. DO AHEAD: Can be made 8 hours ahead. Wrap in paper towels, then plastic, and chill.
Place potatoes in large saucepan. Add enough water to cover potatoes by 1 inch. Sprinkle with salt. Bring to boil and cook until potatoes are tender, 10 to 15 minutes, depending on size of potatoes. Drain; let cool 5 minutes. Place in medium bowl. Add 1/4 cup vinaigrette; toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Heat olive oil in small skillet over medium-high heat. Add capers and fry until capers are crisp and open like flowers, stirring often, 45 to 60 seconds. Using slotted spoon, transfer capers to paper towels to drain. DO AHEAD: Potatoes and capers can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.
Place asparagus in large bowl. Add 2 tablespoons vinaigrette and toss to coat. Toss potatoes again to coat, adding 1 more tablespoon vinaigrette if dry. Place greens and radishes in another large bowl. Toss with enough vinaigrette to coat. Spread greens and radishes over large platter. Arrange potatoes, asparagus, eggs, and tuna atop greens. Drizzle some vinaigrette over tuna. Sprinkle with fried capers and chive blossoms, if desired.
Blend all dressing ingredients in a blender until smooth.
Peel pear and cut into 1/8- to 1/4-inch-thick julienne, then transfer to a bowl.
Combine watercress and pear in a bowl, then season with salt and pepper and toss gently. Divide among plates, then drizzle with some dressing and sprinkle with carrot.
Preheat oven to 400°F. In a shallow bowl, combine breadcrumbs, paprika, garlic salt, and red pepper. Pour buttermilk into a separate shallow bowl. Dip chicken in buttermilk, then dredge in breadcrumb mixture. Place chicken, meaty side up, in a large baking pan. Generously coat chicken pieces with cooking spray. Bake for 40 minutes or until done. Check internal cooking temperature of chicken with a meat thermometer until breasts reach 170°F and thighs reach 180°F.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Place parchment squares on work surface. Generously butter half of each parchment square; top buttered half of each with 1 fish fillet. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper; top each fillet with 3 tarragon leaves, then 1 piece of butter. Arrange asparagus around each fish fillet; pour 1 tablespoon orange juice over each. Fold parchment over fish and asparagus, folding and crimping edges tightly to seal and enclose filling completely. Place on 2 rimmed baking sheets, spacing apart. do ahead Can be made 4 hours ahead. Chill.
Bake fish packets 17 minutes. Slide packets onto plates and serve.
Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add pancetta, celery, and onion. Sauté until vegetables are soft but not brown, about 12 minutes. Transfer 1/2 cup sliced Treviso to small bowl and reserve for topping. Add remaining Treviso, 2 teaspoons thyme, and garlic to skillet. Toss until Treviso wilts, about 3 minutes. Season filling with salt and pepper.
Cook lasagna noodles in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain noodles. Arrange noodles in single layer on large sheet of plastic wrap; cover with second sheet to avoid drying. DO AHEAD: Filling and pasta can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.
Melt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium-low heat. Add flour and whisk until roux is pale gold color, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in milk; add nutmeg and white pepper. Increase heat to medium and cook until sauce thickens and boils, whisking often, 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce heat to low. Add Taleggio cheese in 4 batches, whisking to melt before adding more, about 4 minutes. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper.
Spoon 1/2 cup sauce into 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish; spread to cover bottom thinly. Arrange 3 noodles, crosswise and side by side, in dish; trim ends if necessary to fit. Transfer 3/4 cup filling to another small bowl and reserve for topping. Spoon half of remaining filling over noodles. Drizzle with 2/3 cup sauce; sprinkle with 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese. Repeat with noodles, filling, sauce, and Parmesan. Top with third layer of noodles; drizzle with 2/3 cup sauce. Spoon reserved 3/4 cup filling down center of lasagna lengthwise in 2-inch-wide strip. Drizzle strip with remaining sauce, then top with breadcrumbs. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour before continuing.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Bake lasagna uncovered until heated through and sauce is bubbling, about 35 minutes. Remove from oven; let cool 15 minutes.
Toss reserved Treviso in small bowl with splash of olive oil and sprinkle of salt and pepper. Sprinkle over strip of filling. Sprinkle with remaining 1 teaspoon thyme.
Preheat oven to 325°F. Toss pecans and melted butter in medium bowl to coat. Add sea salt and toss. Spread pecans in single layer on rimmed baking sheet.
Bake until fragrant and slightly darkened in color, about 15 minutes. Cool pecans on baking sheet.
Mince garlic and mash to a paste with a pinch of salt, then transfer to a bowl and stir in oil, salt, and pepper. Add baguette crumbs and stir until combined well.
Gently combine the eggs, cucumbers, shallots, green onions, and basil in a medium bowl. Stir in the mayonnaise, salt, and pepper.
Store in the refrigerator for up to three days.
Preheat oven to 275°F. Mix sugar and spices in small bowl. Place pear slices on rack set over baking sheet. Sprinkle with spiced sugar. Bake until almost dry, about 1 hour. Cool. Store airtight up to 2 days.
Halve the potatoes, unpeeled, and cut them into 1-inch wedges. In a large roasting pan heat 1/3 cup of the oil in the middle of a preheated 425°F. oven for 5 minutes, add the potatoes, tossing them to coat them with the oil, and roast them, stirring them every 10 minutes, for 30 minutes, or until they are tender. Let the potatoes cool in the pan. In a blender purée the garlic, the vinegar, the rosemary leaves, and salt to taste, with the motor running add the remaining 1/3 cup oil in a stream, and blend the dressing until it is emulsified. In a small bowl of ice and cold water let the onion soak for 5 minutes, drain it well, and pat it dry. In a kettle of boiling salted water boil the green beans for 5 minutes, or until they are crisp-tender, and drain them in a colander. Refresh the beans under cold water and pat them dry. In a very large bowl combine the potatoes, the onion, the green beans, and the olives, add the dressing, and toss the salad gently. Serve the salad, garnished with the rosemary sprigs, at room temperature.
Preheat oven to 425°F. Lightly spray heavy baking sheet with vegetable oil spray.
Mix buttermilk, orange peel and nutmeg in small bowl. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in large bowl. Add shortening and butter to flour mixture and rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add buttermilk mixture and stir until soft dough forms. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface and gently knead until smooth, about 4 to 5 turns. Pat dough into 6x4-inch rectangle. Cut dough into 6 equal squares.
Transfer biscuits to prepared baking sheet. Bake until puffed and golden, about 12 minutes. Transfer to rack and cool slightly. (Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cool completely. Before serving, cover with foil and rewarm in 350°F oven 5 minutes.)
Mix water and cornstarch in small bowl to blend. Bring nectar, sugar and lemon juice to boil in heavy medium saucepan. Whisk in cornstarch mixture. Bring to boil, stirring constantly. Mix in apricots, cherries and vanilla. Reduce heat to medium and stir until sauce thickens slightly and fruit is warmed through, about 1 minute.
Cut warm biscuits horizontally in half. Place 1 bottom onto each of 6 plates. Spoon half of fruit mixture over, dividing equally. Place tops over fruit. Spoon remaining fruit mixture over each.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Whisk chili sauce, soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, and ginger in medium bowl; add steaks and turn to coat. Let marinate at room temperature 15 minutes, turning occasionally.
Heat 1/2 tablespoon vegetable oil in large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Scrape most of marinade off steaks and back into bowl. Sprinkle steaks with salt and pepper; add to skillet and cook until browned, about 3 minutes. Turn steaks over and transfer skillet to oven. Roast until cooked to desired doneness, about 5 minutes longer for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to cutting board; let rest 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and bell peppers; sauté until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Add green onions and all remaining marinade from steaks. Bring to boil. Stir in cilantro. Cut steaks crosswise in half. Divide steaks among 4 plates. Spoon vegetables over steaks and serve.
*A sweet-hot Thai-style condiment used in marinades and sauces; available in the Asian foods section of some supermarkets and at Asian markets.
Blanch 6 lemons in boiling water 5 minutes, then drain. Cut each lemon into 8 wedges and discard seeds. Toss with kosher salt in a bowl, then firmly pack with salt into jar.
Squeeze enough juice from remaining lemons to measure 1 cup. Add enough juice to cover lemons and screw on lid. Let stand at room temperature, shaking jar gently once a day, 5 days. Add oil to lemons and chill, covered.
Put oven rack in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 450°F.
Peel sweet potatoes, then cut each lengthwise into 6 spears. Cut spears in half crosswise if desired, then arrange in 1 layer in a large (17- by 12-inch) shallow baking pan.
Cook bacon in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until browned and crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain, then pour bacon fat through a fine-mesh sieve onto potato spears and toss with 2 spatulas to coat. Sprinkle spears with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and roast (uncovered), turning every 15 to 20 minutes, until potatoes are tender and edges are browned, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Transfer to a serving dish.
Return bacon to cleaned skillet, then add oil and heat over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Stir in white part of scallions and remove from heat. Stir in vinegar, water, remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon pepper and pour over potato spears. Sprinkle potatoes with scallion greens and serve warm.
In a food processor grind the ham until it is minced, add the mustard, the butter, the honey, and the cloves, and blend the mixture until it is smooth. Transfer the mixture into a bowl and stir in the onion, the pickle, and pepper to taste. Serve the deviled ham with crackers or as a sandwich filling.
Heat oven to 375°. On a parchment paper-lined baking sheet, shape Parmesan into 8 2-inch rounds. Bake until golden, 10 minutes; remove from sheet to cool. Cook pasta as directed on package; set aside. In a medium skillet over medium heat, melt 2 teaspoons butter. Cook whole sage leaves until crisp, 45 seconds. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate, reserving butter. In the same skillet over medium heat, melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Add flour and cook, whisking constantly, until light brown, 1 minute. Slowly whisk in milk and cook, 5 minutes. Add squash, garlic, reserved butter and salt. Cover; simmer until squash is very soft, 25 minutes. In a food processor, puree squash mixture. In a pot over medium-low heat, heat squash puree, Fontina, Swiss, chopped sage and cayenne; stir until cheese melts. Stir in pasta. Serve with Parmesan crisps and sage leaves.
Melt 2 tablespoons butter with vegetable oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add all onions; cook until deep brown, stirring often, about 8 minutes. Add sugar and sauté until sugar dissolves, about 1 minute. Add 1/2 cup vinegar; sauté until almost all liquid evaporates, about 1 minute. Transfer to small bowl.
Preheat oven to 200°F. Mix salt, 1/2 teaspoon cumin, and pepper in small bowl. Rub chicken breasts all over with spice mixture. Heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat; add chicken breasts, skin side down. Sauté until cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to baking sheet. Keep warm in oven.
Heat remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil in same skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and sauté 20 seconds. Add caramelized onions, 1/4 cup vinegar, tomato, olives, capers, and Sherry. Cook until liquid reduces slightly, stirring constantly, about 2 minutes. Stir in 1 1/2 teaspoons cumin, chicken broth, lime juice, sage, thyme, and rosemary. Add avocado; cook until sauce thickens, stirring constantly, about 3 minutes. Reduce heat to low. Add 4 tablespoons butter and stir until blended into sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Place 1 chicken breast on each of 6 plates; spoon sauce over.
Whisk flour, salt, and yeast in medium bowl to blend well. Add lard and rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Make well in center of mixture and pour wine into well. Stir with fork until shaggy dough forms. Gather dough together and turn out onto lightly floured work surface. Knead dough until smooth and elastic, adding warm water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry, about 10 minutes.
Line large baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 1/8-inch thickness. Using fluted pastry wheel, cut dough into 1 1/4-inch-wide by 4-inch-long strips. Gently twist each strip in center, forming bow. Place pastry twists on prepared baking sheet. Reroll dough scraps to 1/8-inch thickness and cut out additional strips. Twist strips and place on prepared baking sheet.
Pour enough olive oil into large saucepan to reach depth of 1 1/2 inches. Attach deep-fry thermometer to side of pan with bulb submerged in oil; heat oil to 360°F. Working in batches, fry dough twists in oil until golden on all sides, turning occasionally, 2 to 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer fried pastries to paper towels to drain. Cool completely. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Line another large baking sheet with parchment paper. Bring honey to simmer in medium saucepan. Remove from heat. Cool until just warm. Whisk powdered sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg in medium bowl to blend.
Working with 1 fried pastry at a time, dip pastry into warm honey. Lift pastry and shake gently, allowing excess honey to drip back into pan. Roll pastry in powdered sugar mixture to coat. Place on prepared baking sheet. Arrange pastries on platter.
For the best results, dip the pastry twists in a mild-flavored honey, such as orange blossom. An assertively flavored honey will overwhelm the pastry and the spiced powdered sugar.
Finish the meal with a glass of Moscato, a sweet white wine. Donatella recommends the 2007 Rivera "Piani di Tufara" Moscato di Trani, Dolce (Italy, $15). The wine's spicy raisin notes are complemented by bitter almond flavors and an apricot finish. If that bottle is unavailable, try the 2008 Michele Chiarlo Nivole Moscato D'Asti (Italy, $16), a sparkling Moscato with stone-fruit flavors.
Cut off and discard 1 inch from stem ends of broccoli rabe. Cook broccoli rabe, uncovered, in 2 batches in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 3 minutes, transferring with a slotted spoon to a large bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Drain well in a colander.
Cook garlic in oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until garlic is golden, about 5 minutes. Add broccoli rabe and cook, tossing to coat with oil, until heated through, 3 to 5 minutes. Toss broccoli rabe with salt.
Working off heat, put 1 tablespoon oil in a 10-inch nonstick skillet and add fish, turning to coat with oil on both sides. Arrange fish skinned sides down and sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Toss together tomato, garlic (if using), basil, remaining tablespoon oil, and salt and pepper to taste in a small bowl, then mound on top of fish. Cover skillet with a tight-fitting lid and cook fish over moderately high heat until just cooked through, about 8 minutes.
Whisk together flour (2 cups), sugar, salt, and yeast in a bowl until combined. Whisk together water, oil, and egg in another bowl until combined well, then stir into flour mixture until a shaggy dough forms. Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead, working in just enough additional flour to keep dough from sticking, about 2 minutes (dough will not be smooth). Form dough into a ball and put in an oiled bowl, turning to coat, then let rest in bowl, uncovered, in a warm draft-free place 10 minutes.
Cut dough into 10 pieces and form each into a ball. Working with 1 piece at a time, flatten balls, then roll out into 6-inch rounds (less than 1/8 inch thick) on lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin.
Preheat grill pan or skillet over moderately high heat just until smoking, then reduce heat to moderate and grill bread rounds, 1 at a time, turning once, until marks appear and bread is cooked through, about 2 minutes. Keep breads warm, wrapped in a cloth napkin.
Position rack in middle of oven; preheat to 350°F. Spread coconut in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet and toast until golden brown and aromatic, 3–5 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, coat a 13x9" pan with nonstick spray. Dust with flour, tapping out any excess.
Whisk toasted coconut, baking powder, salt, and 1 3/4 cups flour in a medium bowl. Mix coconut oil, vanilla, and 2/3 cup coconut milk in another medium bowl.
Cream sugar and butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment at medium speed, occasionally scraping down sides of bowl, until pale and fluffy, 3–4 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time, beating to blend after each addition. Reduce mixer speed to low and beat in dry ingredients in 3 additions, alternating with coconut milk mixture in 2 additions, beginning and ending with dry ingredients. Pour batter into prepared pan, smoothing top with a spatula.
Bake cake until top is set and golden brown and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 25–30 minutes.
Mix key lime zest, juice, and remaining 2/3 cup coconut milk in a small bowl (it's okay if mixture separates slightly; it will be absorbed by cake). Using a skewer, poke holes every 2" into warm cake. Slowly pour key lime zest mixture over cake. Transfer pan to a wire rack and let cake cool completely.
Pour water into a medium pot to a depth of 2". Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Place butter in a large bowl.
Whisk egg yolks and sugar in a heatproof medium bowl. Whisk in key lime zest and juice. Set bowl on saucepan, making sure bottom does not touch water. Cook, whisking occasionally, until mixture is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon and an instant-read thermometer registers 175°F, 3–4 minutes.
Strain egg yolk mixture through a fine-mesh sieve over butter, then stir with a rubber spatula until smooth. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on key lime curd and chill at least 30 minutes.
Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat cream in a large bowl until stiff peaks form. Gently fold in chilled key lime curd and key lime zest. Spread cream on cooled cake with a spatula, then chill 30 minutes to set cream.
Meanwhile, preheat oven to 350°F. Spread coconut flakes in a single layer on rimmed baking sheet and toast, tossing halfway through, until crispy and golden, 5–7 minutes. Let cool.
When ready to serve, sprinkle toasted coconut flakes over cake.
Lime curd can be made 1 week ahead. Store in an airtight container and chill, or freeze up to 4 months.
Preheat oven to 425°F. Whisk 2 tablespoons oil and lemon juice in bowl; season dressing with salt and pepper. Place halibut on rimmed baking sheet; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Drizzle with some of dressing. Bake until just opaque in center, about 12 minutes.
Meanwhile, cook pasta in large saucepan of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite; drain. Add 2 tablespoons oil and garlic to same saucepan; sauté over medium heat 1 minute. Add drained pasta, spinach, and tomatoes; stir to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat. Cover; let stand 1 minute (spinach will wilt). Divide pasta between 2 plates. Top with halibut and remaining dressing.
Fill 2 Old Fashioned glasses with ice. Divide rye, honey liqueur, and bitters between glasses. Stir for 5 seconds. Top with a splash of ginger ale. Garnish with orange twists.
Preheat oven to 450°F. Brush bottom and side of a 3-quart gratin dish (about 15 by 10 by 2 inches) with olive oil. With flat side of a heavy knife lightly crush garlic and rub over bottom and side of dish.
In a small bowl stir together cream and nutmeg, sea salt, and white pepper to taste. Pick over crab meat to remove any bits of shell and cartilage and divide into 3 portions. Peel potatoes and with a mandoline or other manual slicer cut crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick slices. Divide potatoes into 4 portions. In gratin dish evenly arrange 1 portion potatoes and top with 1 portion crab, spreading evenly. Season crab layer with sea salt and white pepper. Repeat layering with remaining portions of potatoes and crab, seasoning each crab layer and ending with potatoes. Pour cream evenly over gratin and press down on top layer of potatoes to briefly submerge them in cream.
Bake gratin, covered with foil, in middle of oven 20 minutes. Remove foil and bake gratin until potatoes are tender and lightly browned, about 25 minutes more.
Heat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Season the steak with the salt and pepper and grill until medium-rare, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Let the meat rest for 5 minutes, then cut across the grain into 1/4-inch-thick slices.
In a small bowl, combine the lime juice, vinegar, and sugar and whisk until the sugar is partially dissolved. Using the shredder attachment of a food processor, shred the jícama and apples; transfer to a bowl. Add the cilantro, lime zest, jalapeño, and dressing, and toss to combine.
To serve, mound 1 1/2 cups of the salad into each serving bowl and top with about 7 slices of beef. Garnish each bowl with additional cilantro leaves and about 2 teaspoons of toasted peanuts. Serve immediately.
Toss first 3 ingredients in large glass bowl. Add juice and vinegar; press down to submerge onions. Cut 1/2-inch-long slit in narrow tip of chile and add to onion mixture. Top mixture with small plate to weigh down slightly. Cover; refrigerate overnight. Drain. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 week ahead. Keep refrigerated.
In a kettle combine the beans, the ham hock, the garlic, the bay leaf, the orégano, the onion, the bell peppers, the red pepper flakes, the chili powder, and 8 cups water and simmer the mixture, covered, stirring occasionally, for 3 hours, or until the beans are tender. Stir in the tomatoes and salt to taste and simmer the mixture, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour, or until the mixture is thickened. Discard the bay leaf, remove the ham hock from the mixture, and chop the meat. Stir the meat into the mixture with the coriander and the vinegar and serve the beans over the rice with the radish or onion.
In a colander rinse the beans under cold water and discard any discolored ones. In a kettle combine the beans with enough cold water to cover them by 2 inches, bring the water to a boil, and boil the beans for 2 minutes. Remove the kettle from the heat and let the beans soak, covered, for 1 hour.
Mix first 6 ingredients in small bowl until almost smooth. Cover; chill. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled.
Transfer goat cheese spread to shallow bowl. Drizzle oil over. Sprinkle mint leaves over and serve with crackers.
Heat oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add garlic and stir 20 seconds. Add chicken and oregano to pot; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sauté 3 minutes. Add broth and lime juice and bring to simmer. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer gently until chicken is cooked through, about 8 minutes. Season soup to taste with salt and pepper.
Divide crushed tortilla chips among 6 bowls. Ladle soup into bowls. Top soup with avocados, tomatoes, green onions, cilantro and jalapeños. Garnish with lime slices and serve.
Cut peel and white pith from grapefruits and oranges. Cut between membranes to release segments. Combine fruit in large shallow bowl. (Fruit can be segmented 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.)
Place mint and sugar in processor. Using on/off turns, blend until mint is finely chopped, occasionally scraping down sides of bowl. Sprinkle mint sugar and pomegranate seeds over fruit; serve.
Heat a dry 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot, 3 to 5 minutes. Lightly smash garlic in skins with side of a large knife, then add to skillet along with onion slice and cook, turning over once or twice with tongs, until onion is well browned and garlic is slightly softened, about 8 minutes.
Meanwhile, discard stem, seeds, and veins from chile and tear chile into 4 pieces. Add chile to onion and garlic in skillet and toast, pressing flat with tongs and turning over occasionally, until chile turns a brighter red, about 1 minute.
Discard garlic skins and coarsely chop onion, then purée garlic, onion, and chile in a blender with water, salt, and oregano until smooth.
Heat oil in skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté mushrooms, stirring occasionally, until golden and any liquid is evaporated, about 6 minutes. Reduce heat to moderate, then add tomato paste and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add purée and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Stir in broth and simmer 5 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Line 12 muffin cups with muffin papers. Stir first 4 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Using electric mixer, beat bananas, honey, peanut butter, eggs, oil, sugar and vanilla in medium bowl to blend. Beat in flour mixture. Divide batter among muffin cups.
Bake muffins until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer muffins to rack; cool.
Pat the chicken dry and season salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a Dutch oven or heavy soup pot over medium-high heat. Add the chicken, working in batches if necessary, and cook until well browned on each side, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate.
Decrease the heat to medium. Add the onion and a pinch of salt and sauté until soft and slightly golden, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and sauté for 1 minute. Add the turmeric, cumin, coriander, red pepper flakes, cinnamon stick, and bay leaf and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Pour in 1/4 cup of the broth to deglaze the pot, stirring to loosen any bits stuck to the pot. Stir in a pinch of salt and cook until the liquid is reduced by half. Stir in the remaining 1 3/4 cups of broth, the lemon zest, and 2 tablespoons of the lemon juice. Decrease the heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer for 15 minutes.
Add the chicken, chickpeas, artichoke hearts, and olives and stir gently to combine. Increase the heat to medium-high and simmer uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the chicken is heated through, about 5 minutes. Stir in the remaining tablespoon of lemon juice. Taste; you may want to add another squeeze of lemon juice or pinch of salt. Garnish with the mint.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Melt 1/4 cup butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add giblets (if using), onion, carrot, sage, and garlic. Sauté until carrot is tender, about 10 minutes. Add wine; simmer until evaporated, scraping up browned bits. Remove from heat. Mix in bread, walnuts, egg, Parmesan, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper.
Spoon stuffing into cavities of chickens; skewer cavities closed. Rub each chicken with 2 tablespoons butter; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange in roasting pan. Lay 6 pancetta slices atop each to cover. Surround with fennel.
Roast chickens and fennel 45 minutes. Turn fennel over. Roast until chickens are golden and thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 165°F, basting with pan juices, about 30 minutes. Transfer chickens and fennel to platter. Let rest 10 minutes.
Tilt roasting pan; spoon fat from pan juices. Serve chickens with pan juices.
Pancetta (Italian bacon) is sold in the deli case of many supermarkets and at Italian markets.
Onto a sheet of wax paper sift the flour 3 times. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat the egg whites with the salt until they are frothy, add the cream of tartar, and beat the whites until they hold soft peaks. Beat in 1/2 cup of the sugar, a little at a time, add the vanilla and the almond extract, and beat the whites until they hold stiff peaks. Fold in the remaining 1/2 cup sugar, a little at a time, sift the flour over the whites in 4 batches, folding it in gently after each addition, and fold in the coconut. Spoon the batter into a tube pan, 9 inches across the top and 3 1/2 inches deep, and bake the cake in the middle of a preheated 275°F. oven for 1 1/2 hours. Hang the cake in the pan upside down on the neck of a bottle and let it cool for 1 1/2 to 2 hours, or until it is cooled completely. Release the cake from the side of the pan and from the center tube with a sharp knife, turn it out onto a rack, and invert it onto a cake plate.
In a metal bowl whisk together the sugar, the egg whites, the zest, the orange juice, the corn syrup, and pinch of salt, set the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water, and cook the mixture, whisking until it registers 140°F. on a candy thermometer. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk the mixture over the hot water for 3 minutes. Remove the bowl from the pan and with an electric mixer beat the frosting at high speed for 7 to 10 minutes, or until it is cool and hold stiff peaks.
Spread the top and sides (including the center) of the cake with the frosting and coat the outside with the toasted coconut.
Preheat the oven to 400°F. Set out all four chicken cutlets on a cutting board and sprinkle with the paprika, onion powder, and black pepper. Place a slice of the prosciutto on top of each chicken cutlet, then a collard leaf. Roll the stacks up, chicken on the outside, and secure with a toothpick.
Coat a large, oven-safe skillet with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Place over high heat and add the chicken roulades. Brown for 3–4 minutes, turning often. Transfer the skillet with the chicken to the oven and bake for 10–15 minutes until the chicken is cooked through. Transfer to a clean cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes.
Place the watercress in a large bowl along with the remaining 3 tablespoons oil and the vinegar and toss well to coat. Divide the watercress equally among four plates. Top with the figs. Slice the chicken and arrange over the watercress. Serve immediately.
Mix cheese and green onions in medium bowl. Gently mix ground veal, Worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper in large bowl. Divide veal mixture into 4 equal portions. Divide 1 portion in half; form two 1/8-inch-thick patties. Place 1/4 cup cheese mixture atop 1 patty; top with second patty. Seal at edges to enclose cheese mixture. Repeat with remaining 3 portions.
Mix mayonnaise, mustard, lemon peel and sage in small bowl. (Patties and mayonnaise mixture can be made 2 hours ahead. Cover separately and refrigerate.) Preheat oven to 400°F. Place mushrooms on rimmed baking sheet. Combine 4 tablespoons oil and garlic. Brush over both sides of mushrooms. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast mushrooms until tender, turning once, about 20 minutes.
Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add burgers and cook until cheese melts, about 5 minutes per side.
Spread mayonnaise mixture over buns. Place burgers on bottom halves. Top with mushrooms, then with bun tops.
Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in middle. Butter muffin pan if not nonstick.
Soak raisins in hot water 5 minutes, then drain.
Meanwhile, whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, spices, and salt in a large bowl.
In a separate bowl, whisk together butter, brown sugar, pumpkin, buttermilk, eggs, and vanilla. Add to dry ingredients and stir until just combined, then stir in raisins and 2 tablespoons pumpkin seeds.
Divide batter among muffin cups and sprinkle with remaining seeds. Bake until a wooden pick comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Cool slightly on a rack.
Heat butter in a 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat until foam subsides, then cook shallot, stirring, until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in remaining ingredients and simmer briskly, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thickened and reduced to about 2 1/4 cups, about 25 minutes.
Preheat oven to 475°F. Pierce eggplants with fork. Place on baking sheet. Roast until skins are blackened and eggplants are soft, turning occasionally, about 1 hour. Cut eggplants in half. Spoon flesh into strainer set over bowl; drain 15 minutes. Maintain oven temperature.
Meanwhile, brush pita rounds lightly with oil. Sprinkle pita rounds with salt and pepper. Cut each pita round into 6 wedges. Arrange wedges on clean baking sheet. Bake until crisp, about 4 minutes; cool.
Transfer drained eggplant to medium bowl. Mix in olives, garlic, vinegar, cumin and 1 tablespoon oil. Season spread with salt and pepper. Mound in small bowl. Serve with chips.
In a preheated 350°F oven toast 1/2 cup pecans, about 7 minutes, and cool. Finely chop toasted pecans and separate egg. In a bowl with a fork cream butter and Saga until smooth. Add egg yolk, stirring until combined well. Add flour and chopped pecans and stir until mixture just forms a dough.
Halve dough and on separate sheets of wax paper form each half into a 12- by 1 1/4-inch log, using wax paper as a guide. Freeze logs, wrapped in wax paper, just until firm, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375°F. and lightly grease 2 large baking sheets.
Cut logs crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices and arrange slices about 1/2 inch apart on baking sheets. Top each cracker with a remaining pecan half, pressing slightly into dough. Brush tops of crackers, including pecans, with lightly beaten egg white. Bake crackers in batches, if necessary, in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, until golden brown, about 12 minutes total. With a spatula transfer crackers to paper towels to blot and transfer to a rack to cool.
Prepare grill for direct-heat cooking over hot charcoal (high heat for gas); see Grilling Procedure .
Put parmesan in a medium bowl and add olive oil in a slow stream, whisking. Whisk in lime juice, garlic, chipotles, and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper.
Rub vegetable oil on corn and cut sides of avocados, then season with 1/8 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Grill avocados, cut sides down, and corn, covered only if using a gas grill, turning corn occasionally, until golden-brown, 3 to 4 minutes.
Peel avocados and thinly slice. Cut corn kernels from cobs.
Toss romaine with dressing and serve topped with avocado and corn.
Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add all chilies; sauté until beginning to soften, about 8 minutes. Stir in 1 package corn and green onions. Transfer to very large bowl. Mix in cilantro. Coarsely crumble corn bread into vegetable mixture; toss to blend.
Blend second package of corn, eggs, sugar, salt, and pepper in processor to coarse puree. Stir mixture into stuffing.
Loosely fill neck and main cavities of turkey with stuffing. Add enough broth to remaining stuffing to moisten slightly (1/4 to 3/4 cup, depending on amount of remaining stuffing). Generously butter baking dish. Spoon remaining stuffing into prepared dish. Cover with buttered foil, buttered side down. Bake stuffing in dish along side turkey until heated through, about 25 minutes. Uncover stuffing. Bake until top of stuffing is slightly crisp and golden, about 15 minutes longer.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Generously butter 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish, depending on recipe. Transfer stuffing to prepared dish. Cover with buttered foil, buttered side down. Bake until heated through, about 40 minutes. Uncover and bake until top is slightly crisp and golden, about 20 minutes longer.
Available at Latin American markets and many supermarkets.
Preheat the oven to 350ºF. Grease a 10-inch round cake pan.
Place the lard and brown sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on low speed to combine, and then increase the speed to high to cream them together. Mix until the mixture becomes smooth and a very light brown, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed; this takes about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, whisk together the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda, salt, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves in a large bowl. In a separate large bowl, whisk together the apple butter, buttermilk, and bourbon.
Once the lard-sugar mixture is ready, reduce the speed to medium and add the eggs and egg yolk, one at a time, until incorporated. Add the flour mixture in thirds, alternating with the apple butter mixture, mixing only until the batter is smooth each time.
Pour the batter into the prepared cake pan and bake for 40 to 45 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out dry. Turn out of pan onto a rack to cool while you make the syrup.
Combine the sorghum and cream in a heavy-bottomed saucepan, and bring to a boil. Then reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes. Whisk until well blended.
Transfer the cake to a serving plate. Poke holes throughout the top of the cake with a fork, and slowly pour the syrup all over the cake until it has been absorbed. Serve slightly warm.
Preheat oven to 250°F and line 2 large baking sheets with parchment.
Swirl whites in a metal bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water until barely warm to the touch. Beat whites with salt in a standing electric mixer until they hold soft peaks. Beat in 2 cups superfine sugar and continue beating until mixture holds stiff, glossy peaks (see cooks' note, below). Stir together remaining 1/2 cup superfine sugar and cornstarch. Beat into meringue, then beat in vinegar.
Spoon 8 mounds of meringue (each about 2 inches high and approximately 1/2 cup) 1 inch apart on each lined baking sheet. Divide any remaining meringue among mounds. Bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, until crisp but still soft inside, 1 to 1 1/4 hours total. If meringues are still not crisp after 1 1/4 hours, turn off oven and cool in oven 1 hour. Transfer from parchment to racks to cool. (Meringues may stick if cooled completely on paper.)
Just before serving, toss strawberries with lime juice and 1/4 cup granulated sugar and let stand, tossing occasionally until sugar is dissolved, 10 minutes. Add blackberries and toss to coat.
Beat cream with vanilla and remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons granulated sugar with cleaned beaters. Tap meringues gently with back of a spoon to create indentations, then mound some whipped cream and berries onto each.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter three 9-inch-diameter cake pans with 1 1/2-inch-high sides. Dust with flour; tap out excess. Using vegetable peeler, remove peel (orange part only) in strips from oranges. Coarsely chop enough peel to measure 1/2 cup. Combine flour, 1 cup almonds, baking powder and salt in processor; blend until finely ground. Transfer to medium bowl. Place 2 cups sugar and orange peel in processor; blend until peel is finely minced.
Using electric mixer, beat butter in large bowl until blended. Add sugar mixture and beat until fluffy. Beat in eggs 1 at a time. Mix milk and both extracts in small bowl. On low speed, beat flour mixture into egg mixture alternately with milk mixture in 3 additions each. Divide batter among prepared pans.
Bake cakes until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool cakes in pans on racks 5 minutes. Turn cakes out onto racks and cool completely. Boil 1 1/2 cups fresh orange juice and remaining generous 1 tablespoon sugar in small saucepan until reduced to 1/2 cup, about 8 minutes. Brush warm juice mixture over tops of cooled cakes.
Place 1 cake layer, orange syrup side up, on cake platter. Spread 1 cup Chocolate Icing over. Top with second cake layer, then 1 cup icing. Top with third cake layer, syrup side up. Spread remaining icing over top and sides of cake. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover with cake dome and store at room temperature.) Arrange additional almonds, orange triangles and mint leaves around top edge of cake. Slice cake and serve.
Grind the parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme into a fine powder. I use a coffee grinder for this.
In a mixing bowl, crumble the tofu and mix well with the spice mixture so that the herbs are well infused with the tofu. Let sit for the flavors to meld.
In a microwave-safe bowl, mix together the TVP granules and the broth, cover tightly with plastic wrap, and microwave for 5 to 6 minutes. Alternatively, bring the broth to a boil, pour over the TVP, cover, and let sit for 10 minutes.
When cool enough to handle, add the TVP to the tofu mixture, then add the minced garlic, flaxseed mixture, sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds, and salt and pepper to taste. Mix with your hands until all the ingredients are very well incorporated. The mixture will be nice and smooth, and should form lovely burgers. Shape into 6 patties. Refrigerate until ready to cook, although refrigeration isn't necessary if you plan on cooking them right away.
I recommend baking these rather than frying. It just seems that this burger is too healthy to fry. Preheat the oven to 350°F (180°C, or gas mark 4) and line a baking sheet with parchment or a silicone baking mat. Bake, covered with a foil tent, for 15 minutes per side.
Combine the vinegar, garlic, mustard, and oregano in a small bowl. Add the olive oil in a slow, steady stream while whisking constantly until all the oil is incorporated. Season with salt and pepper and refrigerate in an airtight container until ready to use or up to 1 week.
Blend first 4 ingredients in processor until nuts are finely ground. Add butter; cut in using on/off turns until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 2 tablespoons ice water and vanilla; process until moist clumps form, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather dough into ball. Divide into 6 equal pieces. Flatten each into disk. Wrap each in plastic; chill 2 hours. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. Let dough soften slightly before continuing.)
Preheat oven to 375°F. Press 1 dough disk evenly onto bottom and up sides of 4 1/2-inch-diameter tartlet pan with removable bottom. Pierce crust all over with fork. Repeat with remaining 5 dough disks. Freeze crusts until firm, about 20 minutes.
Bake crusts until golden and baked through, about 25 minutes. Remove from oven. Immediately sprinkle bittersweet chocolate over bottom of hot crusts, dividing equally. Let stand until chocolate melts, about 5 minutes. Using back of spoon, spread chocolate over bottom of crusts. Chill until chocolate sets, about 10 minutes.
Stir white chocolate in top of double boiler set over barely simmering water until just melted and smooth. Remove top of double boiler from over water. Cool white chocolate to room temperature. Beat cream and liqueur in medium bowl until soft peaks form. Fold cream mixture into melted white chocolate in 3 additions. Divide filling among tartlet crusts; smooth tops. Chill until filling is set, about 4 hours. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover loosely with foil; keep chilled.)
Gently toss banana slices and orange juice in bowl. Transfer banana slices to paper towels; pat dry. Alternate banana slices and strawberry slices in circle atop tartlets, overlapping. (Can be prepared 2 hours ahead. Chill.)
1 Heat the olive oil in a 3- or 4-quart saucepan over medium heat until shimmering. Add the onion, garlic, and 1/4 teaspoon of the salt. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onion softens and starts to brown at the edges, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and Aleppo pepper and cook, stirring, until the mixture darkens, about 1 minute. Add the broth, the tomatoes with their juices, and the bulgur and bring to a boil, stirring and scraping the bottom of the pan.
2 Decrease the heat to maintain a simmer, cover, and cook until the liquid is absorbed and the bulgur is tender but still slightly chewy, about 15 minutes. Add a tad more water if necessary. Remove the saucepan from the heat and season with the remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt. Taste for salt and adjust, and then stir in 1/4 cup of the basil. Cover and set aside for 3 minutes. Garnish with the remaining 2 tablespoons basil and serve.
Preheat oven to 450°F. and oil 2 large shallow baking pans.
In a large bowl toss squash with oil until coated well and spread in one layer in pans. Roast squash in oven 10 minutes and season with salt. Stir squash and roast 10 to 15 minutes more, or until tender and beginning to turn golden.
While squash is roasting, in a saucepan bring milk to a simmer with rosemary. Heat milk mixture over low heat 10 minutes and pour through a sieve into a large pitcher or measuring cup.
In a large heavy saucepan cook garlic in butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Stir in flour and cook roux, stirring, 3 minutes. Remove pan from heat and whisk in milk mixture in a stream until smooth. Return pan to heat and simmer sauce, whisking occasionally, about 10 minutes, or until thick. Stir in squash and salt and pepper to taste. Sauce may be made 3 days ahead and chilled, its surface covered with plastic wrap.
Reduce temperature to 375°F. and butter a baking dish, 13 by 9 by 2 inches.
Pour 1 cup sauce into baking dish (sauce will not cover bottom completely) and cover with 3 lasagne sheets, making sure they do not touch each other. Spread half of remaining sauce over pasta and sprinkle with 1/2 cup Parmesan. Make 1 more layer in same manner, beginning and ending with pasta.
In a bowl with an electric mixer beat cream with salt until it holds soft peaks and spread evenly over top pasta layer, making sure pasta is completely covered. Sprinkle remaining 1/3 cup Parmesan over cream. Cover dish tightly with foil, tenting slightly to prevent foil from touching top layer, and bake in middle of oven 30 minutes. Remove foil and bake lasagne 10 minutes more, or until top is bubbling and golden. Let lasagne stand 5 minutes.
Garnish each serving with rosemary.
Mash first 3 ingredients in small bowl until almost smooth. Place bread on work surface and spread mixture on 1 side of each slice. Top each of 4 bread slices with 1/4 of beef, then onion and arugula. Season with pepper. Top with remaining bread, cheese side down.
Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sandwiches and cook until golden, about 2 minutes per side. Serve hot.
Purée all ingredients in blender. Strain into small bowl. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cover; refrigerate.)
Preheat oven to 350°F. Line four 3/4-cup soufflé dishes or custard cups with foil; spray lightly with nonstick spray. Finely grind nuts and sugar in processor. Add butter; blend until mixture holds together. Press 1/4 of nut mixture onto bottom of each prepared dish. Place dishes on baking sheet; bake crusts until slightly darker in color, 8 minutes. Set aside. Maintain oven temperature.
Combine pear and nectar in small saucepan. Boil over medium heat until mixture resembles chunky sauce, stirring occasionally, about 18 minutes. Cool completely.
Beat cream cheese and sugar in medium bowl until smooth. Beat in egg and vanilla. Beat in 2/3 cup chunky pear sauce (reserve any remaining sauce for another use). Divide filling among crusts.
Bake cakes until center is set and slightly puffed, about 30 minutes. Cool in dishes on rack. Cover; chill overnight.
Using foil as aid, lift cakes from dishes. Peel foil from sides. Slide spatula under crusts and transfer cakes to plates. Spoon pear-raspberry sauce around cakes. Garnish with mint, if desired.
1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Spread the nuts on a baking sheet and roast for 10 to 15 minutes, or just until they begin to brown. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and allow the nuts to cool slightly.
2. Place the nuts, salt, and honey in the bowl of the food processor fit with the chopping blade. Blend for 20 seconds. With the motor still running, drizzle 3 tablespoons of oil into the bowl through the chute in the lid, and process for 30 seconds. If the nut butter is still dry, continue to blend and add the additional tablespoon of oil. Process for up to another minute to reach your desired consistency. Taste and adjust for salt, if needed.
Combine the ingredients in a food processor. Process until the dough mixture leaves the sides of the bowl. Remove to a mixing bowl and knead by hand for a few minutes until smooth. (If the dough is too dry, add a few drops of water.) Divide into 4 equal parts and shape them into discs. Wrap in plastic wrap and let rest for 1 hour.
Put the cheeses, salt, and pepper in a blender and pulse. Add the egg yolks and pulse until incorporated.
Roll the discs of dough into thin sheets in a pasta machine. Arrange tablespoon-size dollops of the filling 1 1/2 inches apart on one of the sheets. Brush a little egg white around each dollop, then place another sheet directly on top. Gently press around the filling to remove any air pockets and seal the sheets. Using a ravioli cutter or a knife, cut out ravioli squares. Sprinkle with flour to prevent the dough from sticking.
Cook the ravioli in plenty of boiling salted water until they float to the top, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain well and toss with the Fresh tomato sauce . Garnish with the remaining chopped basil and serve immediately.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly butter three 8-inch-diameter cake pans with 2-inch-high sides; dust pans with flour. Combine cake flour, baking soda, baking powder and 1/2 teaspoon salt in medium bowl. Mix mashed bananas, buttermilk and 1 teaspoon vanilla in another medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat 1/2 cup butter and sugar in large bowl until blended. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating to blend after each addition. Add dry ingredients alternately with banana mixture in 3 additions, beginning and ending with dry ingredients and beating just until blended after each addition. Divide batter equally among prepared pans.
Bake cakes until tops are just beginning to color and tester inserted into center comes out with a few crumbs attached, about 20 minutes. Cool cakes in pans on racks 10 minutes. Using small knife, cut around cakes to loosen; turn cakes out onto racks and cool completely.
Beat cream cheese and remaining 1 cup butter in large bowl until light and fluffy. Beat in remaining 1 tablespoon vanilla and pinch of salt. Gradually beat in powdered sugar. Cover and refrigerate frosting until firm enough to spread, about 15 minutes.
Place 1 cake layer on platter. Spread 1/2 cup frosting over top. Place half of sliced bananas evenly over frosting, leaving 1/4-inch border at edge. Place second cake layer on work surface. Spread 1/4 cup frosting over top. Place cake layer, frosting side down, atop bananas. Spread 1/2 cup frosting over top. Place remaining half of sliced bananas evenly over frosting, leaving 1/4-inch border at edge. Place third cake layer on work surface. Spread 1/4 cup frosting over top. Place cake layer, frosting side down, atop bananas. Spread remaining frosting over sides and top of cake. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Let stand 1 hour at room temperature before serving.)
In a large bowl whisk together the lime juice, the salt, the chili powder, and the cayenne and add the jícama, tossing it to coat it well with the dressing. Arrange the oranges decoratively around the edge of the platter and mound the jícama with a slotted spoon in the center. Drizzle the dressing remaining in the bowl over the oranges and sprinkle the scallions over the salad.
Preheat oven to 450°F.
Halve squash lengthwise and discard seeds and strings. Cut each half lengthwise into 3 wedges and arrange wedges, skin sides down, in a shallow baking pan. In a small saucepan melt butter with brown sugar over moderate heat, stirring occasionally until sugar is dissolved. Stir in nutmeg and cloves and remove pan from heat. Spoon butter mixture over squash and cover baking pan with foil.
Bake squash in middle of oven 30 minutes. Remove pan from oven and scatter chestnuts over squash. Re-cover pan with foil and roast squash and chestnuts 30 minutes, or until squash is tender. Squash and chestnuts may be made up to this point 6 hours ahead and kept, covered, at room temperature.
Remove foil from pan and bake squash and chestnuts 20 minutes more. With a slotted spoon transfer squash and chestnuts to a serving dish. Stir sauce, scraping up brown-sugar drippings, and spoon over squash and chestnuts.
Preheat oven to 325°F.
Whisk together cream, milk, syrup, and pumpkin in a heavy saucepan and bring just to a simmer over moderate heat.
Whisk together yolks, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt in a bowl.
Add hot pumpkin mixture to yolks in a slow stream, whisking constantly. Pour custard through a fine-mesh sieve into a large measuring cup, then divide among custard cups (you may have some custard left over, depending on size of cups). Bake custards in a hot water bath, pan covered tightly with foil, in middle of oven until a knife inserted in center of a custard comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Transfer custards to a rack to cool completely. Chill, covered, until cold, at least 2 hours.
Available at some cookware stores and Sur La Table (800-243-0852).
Mix milk, molasses, butter and salt in small saucepan. bring to simmer. Pour milk mixture into bowl of heavy-duty mixer fitted with paddle attachment. Cool to 155°F, about 30 minutes.
Meanwhile place 1/4 cup warm water in measuring cup. Sprinkle yeast over and stir to blend. Let stand until yeast dissolves into milk mixture. Mix in 3/4 cup cornmeal. Mix in whole wheat flour. Mix in enough bread flour, 1/2 cup at a to form slightly sticky dough. Turn dough out onto floured surface. Knead until smooth and elastic, adding more bread flour if dough is too sticky, about 8 minutes. Form dough into ball.
Butter large bowl. Place dough in bowl; turn to coat. Cover bowl with plastic wrap, then towel. Let dough rise in warm area until doubled, about 1 1/2 hours.
Sprinkle 2 heavy large baking sheets generously with cornmeal. Punch down dough. Turn out onto floured surface and knead until smooth, about 3 minutes. Divide dough into 16 equal portions. Roll each portion between palms and work surface to 8-inch-long rope about 3/4 inch thick. Grasping 1 rope at both ends,tie into loose knot. Repeat with remaining ropes. Place on prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Cover with towels. Let rise in warm area until doubled, about 45 minutes.
Position 1 rack in center and 1 rack in top third of oven and preheat to 375°F. Brush rolls with egg glaze. Sprinkle with seeds. Bake until rolls are golden and sound hollow when tapped, switching and rotating baking sheets halfway through baking, about 20 minutes. Transfer rolls to racks. (Can be made 2 weeks ahead. Cool. Wrap in foil; freeze. If desired, rewarm thawed wrapped rolls in 350°F oven 10 minutes.) Serve warm or at room temperature.
Rinse the rice in a sieve under cold running water until the water runs clear; put to one side.
Heat the olive oil in a large, heavy-bottomed pot and throw in the onions. Cook over medium heat until they soften and turn golden. Season the chicken thighs and add them to the pan. Brown on all sides, then pour in 2 1/2 cups water and bring to a simmer. Cover with a lid and cook until the chicken is tender, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, peel the zest from the orange with a potato peeler, then cut it into matchstick strips. Blanch in a small pan of boiling water for a couple of minutes, then drain.
Dissolve the sugar in 1/2 cup (scant) water in a small, heavy-bottomed pan over medium heat, then bring to a boil and let bubble to reduce and thicken for 5 to 10 minutes until syrupy. Add the orange zest, slivered almonds, and pistachios and boil for 5 minutes, skimming off any froth. Strain the syrup and return to the pan; set aside the orange zest and nuts. Add the saffron and rose water to the syrup and boil again for 3 minutes, then add the cardamom seeds.
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Strain the stock from the chicken thighs and add the syrup to it. Make this up to 3 cups with more water. Bring it to a boil in an ovenproof casserole and add the rice. Season and add two-thirds of the orange zest and nuts, keeping the rest to one side. Bring back to a boil, then cover and simmer until the rice is cooked. The liquid should have all been absorbed by now.
Bury the chicken and onions in the rice and add the fava beans and peas, if you are including them. Put the lid on and cook in the oven for 20 minutes.
Serve straight from the pan or, if you prefer, in a large, warmed serving dish. Sprinkle the last third of the orange zest and nuts over the top before bringing it to the table.
In a microwave-safe bowl combine the potatoes, cut into 1-inch pieces, and the water and microwave the potatoes, covered with microwave-safe plastic wrap, at high power (100%) for 6 to 8 minutes, or until they are tender. Let the potatoes stand, covered, for 3 minutes, drain them, and let them cool completely. In a bowl whisk together the mayonnaise, the yogurt, the mustard, the vinegar, the horseradish, the dill and salt and pepper to taste, add the carrot, the onion, and the potatoes, and toss the salad until it is combined well.
Bring all ingredients to boil in large pot. Reduce heat; simmer uncovered until chicken is cooked through, about 30 minutes. Transfer chicken to bowl; cover to keep warm. Reserve chicken broth in pot; spoon off fat from surface.
Heat heavy large skillet over medium-low heat. Add pepitas; stir frequently until seeds puff and begin to pop, about 15 minutes (do not brown). Transfer to dish; cool. Set aside 2 tablespoons pepitas for garnish. Working in batches, finely grind remaining pepitas with peppercorns in spice mill or coffee grinder.
Puree tomatillos, next 5 ingredients, and 1/2 cup reserved chicken broth in blender until almost smooth. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add tomatillo mixture and simmer until sauce is thick and reduced to 1 cup, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes.
Heat remaining 4 tablespoons oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add ground pepita mixture. Stir constantly until mixture resembles very coarse paste and begins to color in spots, about 9 minutes. Add tomatillo mixture; stir 1 minute. Add 2 cups reserved chicken broth and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until sauce is thick, stirring constantly, about 3 minutes longer. Season sauce to taste with salt. Spoon some sauce onto platter. Top with chicken. Spoon remaining sauce over. Garnish with reserved 2 tablespoons pepitas.
Preheat oven to 350°. Spread pistachios on a rimmed baking sheet and toast until just beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate, let cool, then coarsely chop. Spread almonds on the same baking sheet and toast until golden brown, 5-8 minutes; let cool. Set nuts aside.
Place rice in a fine-mesh sieve and rinse under cold water until water runs clear. Cook rice in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until grains have lengthened but are still firm, 6-7 minutes; drain and rinse under cold water. Spread rice on another rimmed baking sheet; let cool.
Meanwhile, using a vegetable peeler, remove zest from orange and thinly slice lengthwise (reserve flesh for another use). Bring sugar and 1 cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan, stirring to dissolve sugar. Add orange zest and carrots, reduce heat, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until carrots are tender, 15-20 minutes; drain and set aside (discard syrup).
Combine barberries and raisins in a small bowl and cover with hot water; let soak 10 minutes. Drain and set aside. Place saffron in another small bowl and add 1/4 cup hot water; set aside.
Heat butter and 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion, season with salt, and cook, stirring often, until soft and beginning to brown, 8-10 minutes. Add cardamom, cumin, turmeric, and 1 tablespoon saffron mixture. Cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 1 minute.
Reduce heat to low, add barberries and raisins, and cook, stirring often, about 3 minutes. Stir in reserved nuts and orange zest and carrot mixture; season with salt. Set fruit and nut mixture aside.
Heat remaining 3 tablespoons oil in a large wide heavy pot over medium heat. Add half of rice, spreading evenly; top with fruit and nut mixture, then remaining rice, spreading evenly. Using the end of a wooden spoon, poke 5-6 holes in rice all the way through to bottom of pot (to help release steam and help rice cook evenly).
Drizzle remaining saffron mixture over rice. Place a clean kitchen towel over pot, cover with a tight-fitting lid, and secure loose edges of towel on top of lid, using a rubber band or masking tape.
Cook until pot begins to steam, 5-8 minutes. Reduce heat to very low and cook, without stirring, until rice is tender and bottom layer of rice is browned and crisp, 30-40 minutes.
Scoop rice into a wide serving bowl, breaking bottom crust into pieces.
DO AHEAD: Fruit and nut mixture can be made 2 days ahead. Cover fruit and nut mixture and remaining saffron mixture separately and chill.
Mix all ingredients in a small bowl.
Rub brisket all over with spice rub. Cover and chill for at least 2 hours or overnight. Let stand at room temperature for 1 hour before continuing.
Preheat oven to 325°F. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large wide pot over high heat. Add brisket, fat side down. Cook undisturbed until well browned, 5-6 minutes. Turn brisket over and cook until browned, about 3 minutes. Using tongs, transfer to a plate. Reduce heat to medium and add remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Add onion and garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is slightly golden, about 5 minutes. Add broth and all remaining ingredients. Bring liquid to a simmer. Return brisket to pot. Cover and transfer to oven.
Braise until brisket is very tender to the touch but still holds its shape, about 4 1/2 hours. Using a large spatula, transfer brisket, fat side up, to a large plate. Strain braising liquid into a large bowl. Return liquid to pot, bring to a simmer, and cook until reduced to 2 cups, about 15 minutes. Score fat side of brisket by cutting a crosshatch pattern of 1/4"-deep slits spaced 1/2" apart. Return brisket, fat side up, to pot with reduced braising liquid. DO AHEAD: Brisket can be made 2 days ahead. Return brisket to pot, cover, and chill. Bring to a simmer and rewarm brisket before proceeding.
Transfer 1/4 cup braising liquid to a blender. Add jam and bourbon and purée until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.
Preheat broiler. Spread 3-4 tablespoons glaze on top of brisket with the back of a spoon. Broil brisket in pot until browned and glazed, watching carefully to prevent burning, 4-5 minutes.
Transfer brisket to a cutting board. Slice against the grain and transfer to a large platter. Ladle braising liquid over. Drizzle remaining glaze on top.
heat the oil in a frying pan and sauté the onion and garlic until soft and lightly browned, 4-5 minutes. Grate the zest from the lemon and squeeze the juice. Add the lemon zest, half the lemon juice, the sugar, vinegar, ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, Tabasco sauce and chili powder to the onion and simmer gently, 5 minutes. Taste, adjust the seasoning and let cool.
Light the grill. Season the pork chops with salt and pepper and brush with the cooled barbecue sauce. Grill them, basting often, 5-7 minutes. Turn over and continue grilling and basting until the chops are done, 5-7 minutes longer.
Preheat the oven to 250°F. Line the bottom of a broiler pan with foil for easy cleanup.
Cut the bacon slices in half lengthwise and then crosswire to create 4 long strips.
Arrange the crackers on a work surface and wrap a bacon strip around each cracker, overlapping the ends on top.
If making Herbed Bacon Crackers, tuck a base of rosemary tips under overlapping ends of bacon. If making Brown Sugar Bacon Crackers, carefully sprinkle 1/8 teaspoon brown sugar on the top side of each cracker, pressing to help it adhere (avoid getting sugar on the cracker or it will burn.)
Set a perforated rack on top of the foil-lined broiler pan and arrange the crackers seam-side down 1/2 apart in a single layer and bake for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, until the bacon is at your desired level of crispness. Transfer the crackers to a cooling rack and cool completely before serving.
Bring 5 cups water to a boil in a medium pot, season with salt, and add sorghum. Cover and cook until tender, about 1 hour. Drain well.
Place racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and set a rimmed baking sheet on lower rack; preheat oven to 400°F. Arrange squash on another rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and dot with 2 Tbsp. butter. Place on upper rack in oven. Roast, turning occasionally to recoat with butter, until tender, 40–45 minutes.
Meanwhile, rub chicken all over with oil; season with salt and pepper. Place skin side down on heated baking sheet on lower rack in oven. Roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of thigh registers 165°F, 30–35 minutes.
Cook remaining 4 Tbsp. butter in a large skillet over medium heat until it foams, then browns (be careful not to let it burn), about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low; add sorghum, squash, broth, maple syrup, and vinegar to brown butter and toss to combine. Simmer until liquid is evaporated, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in lemon juice; season with salt, pepper, and more vinegar, if desired.
Divide squash and sorghum among plates and top with chicken, parsley, and pomegranate seeds.
Cook bacon in large skillet until crisp; transfer to paper towels. Pour off all but 1 teaspoon drippings from skillet. Return bacon to skillet; mix in onion. Remove from heat. Whisk oil and lemon juice in small bowl; season with salt and pepper.
Cook asparagus in pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain, then place in large bowl. Add dressing; toss. Arrange on platter. Stir bacon mixture over medium-low heat about 3 minutes; spoon atop asparagus.
Melt 1 tablespoon butter in an 8" nonstick skillet over medium heat. Season eggs with salt and pepper.
Add half of eggs to skillet. Cook eggs, stirring gently with a heatproof silicone spatula, until eggs are lightly scrambled and almost cooked, about 3 minutes. Spread eggs evenly to cover bottom of skillet.
Top eggs with half of ricotta, Parmesan, basil, and chives. Using spatula, fold up one-third of omelet. Roll omelet over onto itself, then slide omelet onto a plate. Repeat with remaining ingredients to make a second omelet. Top with Cherry Tomato Vinaigrette.
In a large saucepan of boiling salted water blanch carrots 1 minute. Add snow peas and cook mixture 10 seconds more. In a colander drain carrots and snow peas and rinse under cold water. Drain carrots and snow peas well.
In a bowl stir together vinegar, mustard, and honey and add carrots, snow peas, and bell pepper, tossing to coat. Season salad with salt and pepper. Serves 2.
Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Combine first 7 ingredients in small bowl; mix in 1 1/2 tablespoons oil. Season salsa with salt and pepper. Brush salmon with remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil. Grill until just opaque in center, about 5 minutes per side. Serve with salsa.
Generously spray bottom of heavy large pot with nonstick spray. Add onion, bell peppers and garlic and sauté over high heat until vegetables begin to soften, about 8 minutes. Add turkey and sauté until no longer pink, breaking up large pieces with back of fork, about 5 minutes. Mix in chili powder, cumin and oregano and stir 1 minute. Add beans, tomatoes with juices, broth and chocolate. Bring chili to boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer uncovered until chili thickens, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour. Season with salt and pepper.
Place cucumbers in colander. Sprinkle with salt. Let stand 15 minutes. Rinse cucumbers. Drain on paper towels. Combine mint, garlic, and oregano in large bowl. Stir in yogurt and cream. Add cucumber and stir to coat. Season with pepper. Refrigerate until chilled. (Can be prepared 5 hours ahead.)
Finely grind star anise in spice grinder or in mortar with pestle. Rub half of ground star anise over lamb shanks. Sprinkle lamb with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Working in batches, add lamb to pot; brown on all sides, about 12 minutes per batch. Transfer lamb to bowl. Add 1 tablespoon oil to pot; add onions, celery, carrots and garlic and sauté until golden, about 10 minutes. Return lamb to pot. Add all stock, orange juice, peel and remaining star anise. Bring to boil. Reduce heat; cover and simmer until lamb is tender, about 1 hour 45 minutes. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Rewarm over medium heat before continuing.)
Transfer lamb to large bowl. Cover with foil. Working in batches, transfer cooking liquid and vegetables to processor; puree until smooth. Return liquid to pot. Boil until liquid is reduced to 6 cups, about 20 minutes. Mix in honey. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour over lamb and serve.
At Kachka, they make mayo from scratch. But Hellmann's (a.k.a. Best Foods) will do just fine. Pulse 1 1/2 cups (packed) fresh parsley leaves, 1 1/2 cups mayonnaise, and 2 tablespoons mustard in a food processor until smooth; season with salt and pepper.
Cook acini di pepe in a pasta pot of boiling salted water (3 Tbsp salt for 6 qt water), stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain well in a sieve. Transfer to a bowl.
Meanwhile, heat oil and butter in a 10-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until foam subsides, then sauté garlic with red-pepper flakes until golden, about 2 minutes. Stir in olives. Toss with pasta. Season with salt and pepper.
Whisk first 3 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in 5 tablespoons olive oil.
Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add cabbage and sauté just until wilted, about 3 minutes. Transfer to large bowl; cool completely.
Mix roast beef, celery root, onion, cheese and dressing into cabbage. Season with salt and pepper. Divide salad between 2 plates. Sprinkle with parsley.
With a knife cut cabbage into very thin slices and coarsely chop arugula. In a large bowl toss together all ingredients with salt and pepper to taste until greens are coated.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Wrap beets in foil. Place on baking sheet. Roast beets until tender, about 1 1/2 hours. Cool. Peel beets; cut into rounds.
Mix orange peel, mustard and fennel seeds in bowl. Whisk in vinegar. Gradually whisk in oil. Season with salt and pepper. (Beets and dressing can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately; chill. Bring dressing to room temperature before using.)
Place fennel slices in bowl. Toss with enough dressing to coat. Cut peel and white pith from oranges. Cut oranges into rounds. Alternate beets and oranges along edge of platters, overlapping. Spoon fennel slices into center; sprinkle with olives. Drizzle remaining dressing over beets and oranges. Chop fronds; sprinkle over salad.
Blanch tomatoes in large pot of boiling water 30 seconds. Drain. Refresh under cold running water. Peel tomatoes. Halve tomatoes crosswise. Working over small bowl, squeeze gently to extract seeds. Discard seeds. Transfer tomatoes to processor. Blend until coarsely pureed. Transfer tomatoes to large bowl. Stir in all remaining ingredients. Season gazpacho to taste with salt and pepper. Chill until cold, about 2 hours. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and keep refrigerated.) Serve cold.
Bring stock to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium-low heat; cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes.
Whisk egg yolk and mustard in a bowl. Whisking constantly, gradually add oil, drop by drop at first, until mixture is very thick. Whisk in lemon juice and garlic; season with salt and pepper. Stir in stock.
Preheat oven to 200°F. Prepare grill for medium-high heat (or heat a grill pan over medium-high). Rub steak with cut sides of garlic and 1 tablespoon oil; season with salt and pepper. Grill, turning several times, until lightly charred and mediumrare (an instant-read thermometer should register 130°F), 14–16 minutes. Transfer to a rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet.
Meanwhile, toss scallions on another baking sheet with 1 tablespoon oil; season with salt and pepper. Grill, turning often, until tender, about 4 minutes. Transfer to rack with beef and keep warm in oven.
Arrange greens on a platter; season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with lemon juice and 1 tablespoon oil. Toss beets in a bowl with vinegar and remaining 1 tablespoon oil; season with salt and pepper. Arrange over greens. Slice steak 1/2" thick; top greens with scallions and meat. Pour any juices over; season with salt. Serve with aioli.
Peel potato and cut into 1/4-inch dice. In a heavy kettle cook potato, parsnips, shallots, leek and parsley in butter over moderate heat, stirring, until leek is softened, about 12 minutes. Add broth and simmer, covered, 20 minutes, or until vegetables are very soft. In a blender purée mixture in batches and transfer to a large saucepan. Stir in cider or juice, cream, and salt and pepper to taste and cook over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until heated through. Keep soup warm.
In a heavy saucepan heat 1 inch oil to 360°F. on a deep-fat thermometer and fry parsnip strips in batches until golden brown, transferring with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Season fried parsnip with salt.
Serve soup topped with fried parsnip.
Pulse flour and salt in a food processor; add butter and shortening and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Transfer flour mixture to a large bowl and drizzle with 1/2 cup ice water. Mix with a fork until dough just comes together.
Knead dough lightly, adding more water by the tablespoonful if needed, until no dry spots remain (dough will be slightly shaggy but moist). Form into a disk and wrap tightly in plastic. Chill until firm, at least 2 hours.
DO AHEAD: Crust can be made 2 days ahead; keep chilled.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Season short ribs with kosher salt and pepper; toss with 1/2 cup flour on a rimmed baking sheet. Heat oil in a large heavy pot over medium-high heat and, working in batches, shake excess flour from ribs and cook, turning occasionally, until deeply browned, 8–10 minutes per batch. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a large bowl.
Add onions to same pot and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown; season with kosher salt and pepper and, using a slotted spoon, transfer to a small bowl. Reduce heat to medium, add garlic to pot, and cook, stirring, until softened, about 2 minutes.
Add tomato paste and cook, stirring often, until slightly darkened in color, 5–8 minutes. Add wine, rosemary, and thyme sprigs, bring to a boil, and cook, scraping up browned bits, until liquid is reduced by half, 8–10 minutes. Add 6 cups water to pot and bring to a boil.
Return short ribs to pot; season with kosher salt and pepper. Reduce heat and simmer gently, uncovered, until short ribs are almost falling apart and liquid is thick enough to lightly coat a spoon, 2 1/2–3 hours.
Add onions and chopped thyme to pot and stir to break up short ribs; season filling with kosher salt and pepper. Remove herb sprigs.
Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface to about 1/8" thick. Transfer filling to a shallow 2-quart baking dish. Place over filling and trim, leaving overhang. Tuck edges under and crimp. Cut a few slits in crust. Brush with cream and sprinkle with sea salt. Alternatively, you can use 8 individual dishes.
Place dish on a rimmed baking sheet and bake pot pie until filling is bubbling and crust is golden brown, 50–60 minutes (35–40 minutes for smaller dishes). Let sit 5–10 minutes before serving.
DO AHEAD: Filling can be made 2 days ahead. Let cool; cover and chill. Reheat gently before assembling pie.
Divide ice cream among 6 (16-ounce) glasses, then add 1 tablespoon brandy to each. Slowly pour 8 ounces stout into each glass.
Set up a grill for indirect grilling, with only half or two-thirds of the burners lit on a gas grill or with the coals on one side. Bring the grill temperature to about 450°. Line a 12-cup muffin tin with paper or foil liners.
In a large bowl, whisk the flour with the cornmeal, salt, baking powder and baking soda.
In a medium bowl, whisk the sugar with the eggs, sour cream and butter; mix into the dry ingredients, then fold in the apricots and pistachios. The batter will be quite thick.
Spoon the batter into the muffin cups, filling each cup almost to the top. Set the muffin tin on the unlit side of the grill, close the lid and bake the muffins for 20 to 25 minutes, keeping the grill temperature between 400° and 450° and turning the pan once halfway through. The muffins are done when they are lightly browned on top and when a toothpick inserted in them comes out with a few moist crumbs attached.
Carefully transfer the muffins to a rack and let cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature with yogurt.
On a baking sheet toast the bread slices in batches under a preheated broiler about 3 inches from the heat for about 1 minute on each side, or until they are golden, transferring them as they are toasted to a work surface. Rub one side of each toast slice with the cut side of a garlic clove, brush it with some of the oil, and season it with salt.
Soak noodles in cold water to cover 30 minutes.
While noodles soak, stir together all glaze ingredients in a small bowl. Stir together all sauce ingredients in another small bowl.
Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle.
Blanch carrots in a small saucepan of boiling water 30 seconds, then transfer to a large bowl with a slotted spoon. Return water to a boil and cook beans until crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Transfer to bowl with carrots.
Bring a pasta pot of water to a boil.
Meanwhile, put duck legs, skin sides up, on rack of a broiler pan, then pour 1 cup water into bottom of pan. Brush or spoon about half of glaze over skin side of duck. Roast duck until well browned, about 20 minutes.
Turn on broiler. Brush duck with remaining glaze, then broil 3 to 4 inches from heat until skin is bubbling and lightly charred around edges, about 2 minutes more. Keep warm, covered.
Drain noodles, then cook in boiling water 30 seconds. Reserve 1 cup cooking water and drain noodles again.
Add hot noodles, sauce, and scallions to carrots and beans and toss with tongs until well coated with sauce, adding some of reserved cooking liquid to moisten if necessary
Add hot noodles, sauce, and scallions to carrots and beans and toss with tongs until well coated with sauce, adding some of reserved cooking liquid to moisten if necessary
In a 10- to 12-inch heavy skillet cook sausage over moderately high heat, stirring and breaking up lumps with a fork, until no longer pink. Transfer sausage with a slotted spoon to a large bowl.
Add butter to fat remaining in skillet and cook onions, chopped fennel, fennel seeds, and salt to taste over moderate heat, stirring, until fennel is softened, about 10 minutes. Add apéritif, thyme, and tarragon and cook, stirring, until most liquid is evaporated. Add mixture to sausage with corn bread or packaged stuffing and toss to combine well. Season stuffing with salt and pepper and cool completely. Stuffing may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. (To prevent bacterial growth do not stuff turkey cavities ahead.)
Stir chocolate and butter in medium saucepan over low heat until smooth. Whisk in next 4 ingredients. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.) Stir sauce over low heat until just warm.
Whisk cream and powdered sugar in medium bowl to peaks; chill until ready to use. Arrange 2 banana halves in each of 4 long shallow dishes. Add 3 scoops ice cream to each dish. Spoon warm sauce over ice cream. Top with pineapple, whipped cream, and toasted coconut.
Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Butter two 2-quart soufflé dishes or baking dishes.
Heat first 4 ingredients in heavy large saucepan over medium heat until bubbles form around edge of pan. Gradually stir in cornmeal. Add escarole. Stir until mixture is very thick and creamy, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Add cheese and butter and mix until butter melts. Season with generous amount of pepper. Beat egg yolks to blend and gradually stir into cornmeal mixture. Beat whites in large bowl until stiff but not dry. Mix 1/4 of whites into cornmeal mixture. Gradually fold in remaining whites.
Divide mixture between prepared dishes. Bake until puffed, golden and knife inserted into centers comes out clean, about 55 minutes. Serve hot.
Stir together all sauce ingredients in a 2- to 2 1/2-quart heavy saucepan and briskly simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thickened and reduced to about 1 1/4 cups, 25 to 30 minutes. (Stir frequently toward end of cooking to prevent sticking.)
Preheat oven to 400°F. Sprinkle each pear half with brown sugar and rosemary, dividing evenly. Arrange pears in glass pie plate. Bake until tender and golden, about 20 to 30 minutes. Sprinkle half of cheese over each. Bake until cheese melts, approximately 5 minutes.
Place pears on plates. Spoon 1 tablespoon of Port over each and serve.
1. Preheat the oven to 375°F.
2. Whisk the eggs together in a medium bowl. Add the farfel and salt; blend well.
3. Heat the oil in a 9-inch nonstick skillet, over medium heat. Add the egg mixture and cook until the eggs have set and the bottom of the crust is golden brown. Slip the crust onto a large plate and invert back into the skillet onto the uncooked side. Brown side for about 1 1/2 minutes.
4. Spoon the tomato sauce over the top of the crust and cover well with the mozzarella cheese.
5. Bake the pizza in the oven for about 15 minutes, until the cheese has melted. Remove the pizza from the oven and cut into wedges.
Trim root end of each onion and cut an X in it. Blanch in boiling water 1 minute, then drain in a colander. Cool slightly, then peel.
Bring juice, sugar, vinegar, and spices to a boil in a 3-quart heavy saucepan, stirring until sugar has dissolved. Add onions and quinces and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until tender but not falling apart, about 30 minutes.
Add cranberries and simmer until tender but not falling apart, 5 to 8 minutes. Discard cloves. Transfer fruit and onions to a bowl using a slotted spoon, then boil syrup, if necessary, until reduced to 1/2 cup. Pour syrup over compote and cool to room temperature.
In a blender, combine the mint chocolate chip ice cream with the milk and process until smooth, about 30 seconds. Add the chocolate chips and stir to combine. Pour the shake into a glass, top with the whipped cream, and drizzle with chocolate syrup.
Mix gold rum, passion-fruit concentrate, mango nectar, guava nectar, and 2 tablespoons lime juice in pitcher. Taste, adding more lime juice, if desired. Add ice cubes and stir well to blend. Pour punch into 6 glasses. Garnish with fresh pineapple wedges and serve.
Whisk mayonnaise, oil, lemon zest, and lemon juice in a medium bowl until smooth. Add carrots, radishes, cilantro, parsley, almonds, salt, and pepper and stir to combine.
Whisk mayonnaise, oil, salsa verde, lemon zest, and lemon juice in another medium bowl until smooth. Pulse shallot and garlic in a food processor until very finely chopped. Add chickpeas and pulse just until coarsely chopped, about 20 seconds. Transfer to bowl with salsa verde mixture. Fold in cucumber, feta, cilantro, and parsley; season with salt and pepper.
Layer 4 slices of avocado on each bottom bun. Top with a heaping 3/4 cup chickpea mixture and 2 Tbsp. spinach. Top with top bun and serve with carrot-radish slaw alongside.
Chickpea salad can be made 2 days ahead. Chill in a resealable container.
In a small saucepan bring sugar and water to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved, and in a blender pulse together with berries and lemon juice until berries are chopped. Cool sauce. Sauce may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered.
Pour first three ingredients over ice cubes in old-fashioned glass. Top with club soda.
Heat oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté cabbage, onions, thyme, salt, and pepper, stirring, 3 minutes. Cover skillet and reduce heat to moderate, then cook, stirring occasionally, until cabbage is tender, about 12 minutes more.
Preheat the oven to 450°F. In a large skillet cook the onions and the garlic in the olive oil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is pale golden. While the onion mixture is cooking, in another large skillet heat the vegetable oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it sauté the potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices, in batches, turning them, for 5 to 8 minutes, or until they are pale golden, transferring them as they are cooked to a bowl. Add the onion mixture to the potatoes with the olives, the rosemary, the parsley, and salt and pepper to taste and combine the mixture well.
Put the cod in the center of a large shallow baking dish, season it with salt and pepper, and arrange the potato mixture around it. Roast the mixture in the middle of the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the fish just flakes. Flake 2 cups of the cod and reserve it, covered and chilled, for making the cod cannelloni.
In a heavy saucepan cook the onion and the garlic in the oil over moderate heat, stirring, until they are golden, add the tomatoes with the juice, the sugar , the red pepper flakes, and salt to taste, and simmer the sauce, stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes, or until it is thickened. (The tomato sauce may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled.)
Preheat the oven to 350°F. Spread the tomato sauce in the bottoms of 4 individual gratin dishes or in the bottom of a shallow baking dish just large enough to hold 8 cannelloni in one layer. In a saucepan melt the butter over moderately low heat, whisk in the flour, and cook the roux, whisking, for 3 minutes. Add the milk in a stream, whisking, simmer the béchamel, whisking constantly, for 2 minutes, and season it with salt and pepper. Transfer the béchamel to a bowl and let it cool, covered. In a pan of hot water let the sheets of lasagne soak for 10 to 15 minutes, or until they are softened. To the béchamel add the cod, the Swiss chard with roasted pepper, the chopped basil, and salt and pepper to taste and combine the mixture well.
If using the square lasagne sheets halve each sheet to form 2 rectangles. Working with 1 rectangle at a time, spread about 1/3 cup of the cod mixture lengthwise down the center of each sheet, beginning with a long side roll up the sheet to enclose the filling, leaving both ends open, and arrange 2 cannelloni, seam sides down, in each dish, spooning some of the tomato sauce over them. Bake the cannelloni, covered with foil, in the middle of the oven for 230 to 25 minutes, or until they are heated through, garnish them with the basil sprigs, and serve them with the Parmesan.
Using a long-handled fork char the peppers over an open flame, turning them, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the skins are blackened. (Or broil the peppers on the rack of a broiler pan under a preheated broiler about 2 inches from the heat, turning them every 5 minutes, for 15 to 25 minutes, or until the skins are blistered and charred.) Transfer the peppers to a bowl and let them steam, covered, until they are cool enough to handle. Peel them starting at the blossom end, cut off the tops, and discard the seeds and ribs.
In a kettle cook the chard stems in about 1/2 cup water, covered, over high heat for 5 minutes, add the chard leaves, and cook the chard, covered, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Drain the chard well and in a bowl toss it with the roasted pepper, the oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Reserve 1 1/2 cups of the chard mixture, covered and chilled,, for making the cod cannelloni.
In a small metal bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water melt the chocolate with the sugar and the Amaretto, stirring, and let the mixture cool to room temperature. In a bowl cream together the butter, the chocolate mixture, and the almonds. Let the butter stand, covered, in a cool place for 1 hour to allow the flavors to develop. Serve the butter with croissants or toast.
Cut butter into 1/2-inch cubes.
In a bowl with your fingertips or a pastry blender blend together flour, butter, shortening, and salt until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with remainder in small (roughly pea-size) lumps. Drizzle 2 tablespoons ice water evenly over mixture and gently stir with a fork until incorporated. Test mixture by gently squeezing a small handful: When it has proper texture it should hold together without crumbling apart. If necessary, add more water, 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring until incorporated, and test mixture again. (Do not overwork or add too much water; pastry will be tough.)
In a food processor pulse together flour, butter, shortening, and salt until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with remainder in small (roughly pea-size) lumps. Add 2 tablespoons ice water and pulse 2 or 3 times, or just until incorporated. Test mixture by gently squeezing a small handful: When it has proper texture it should hold together without crumbling apart. If necessary, add more water, 1 tablespoon at a time, pulsing 2 or 3 times after each addition until incorporated, and test mixture again. (Do not overprocess or add too much water; pastry will be tough.)
Turn mixture out onto a work surface and divide into 4 portions. With heel of hand smear each portion once in a forward motion to help distribute fat. Gather dough together and form it, rotating it on work surface, into a disk. Chill dough, wrapped in plastic wrap, until firm, at least 1 hour, and up to 1 day.
Preheat oven to 425°F. Cut large red and yellow bell peppers in half through stem end. Remove seeds and cut out ribs, leaving stems intact. Finely chop small red bell pepper; set aside. Spread 1 tablespoon oil over rimmed baking sheet. Place pepper halves, cut side down, on prepared sheet. Roast 15 minutes. Turn over; roast until slightly softened, about 15 minutes longer. Remove from oven.
Meanwhile, bring 2 cups water to boil in medium saucepan; add bulgur and 1 teaspoon salt. Remove from heat. Cover and let stand until bulgur is tender, about 30 minutes. Drain well.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chopped red pepper; sauté until tender, about 3 minutes. Add currants and pine nuts; sauté 2 minutes. Add cumin; stir 20 seconds. Mix in spinach; stir until beginning to wilt, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in bulgur, mint, and dill. Stir in half of cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Divide bulgur mixture among pepper halves. Sprinkle with remaining cheese. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.)
Preheat oven to 425°F. Bake stuffed peppers until heated through, about 25 minutes (or 30 minutes if chilled); serve.
*Also called cracked wheat; available at natural foods stores and supermarkets.
Heat peanut oil in small skillet over medium heat. Add ginger and garlic; sauté 1 minute. Transfer to large bowl. Add next 6 ingredients; whisk to blend.
Place noodles in sieve over sink. Separate noodles with fingers and shake to remove excess starch. Cook in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, stirring occasionally. Drain and rinse under cold water until cool. Drain thoroughly and transfer to bowl with sauce. Add sliced green onions and toss to coat noodles. Let stand at room temperature until noodles have absorbed dressing, tossing occasionally, about 1 hour. Stir in peanuts and Thai basil; toss again. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve at room temperature.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Generously butter 11x7x2-inch glass baking dish. Whisk first 7 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Arrange 1/3 of potatoes in bottom of prepared dish, overlapping slightly and covering completely. Pour 1/3 of cream mixture over. Repeat layering potatoes and cream mixture 2 more times. Bake uncovered until potatoes are tender and top is golden brown in spots, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Serve hot.
1. The bread should be completely stale. If not, spread the cubes on a baking sheet and put in a low oven (250 degrees) for about 1 hour to dry them out. (I think this light toasting gives the dressing a better flavor.)
2. Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet. Add the sausage meat and brown it, breaking up meat into pieces about the size of a quarter. This need not be precise. Transfer meat from skillet to large bowl, using a slotted spoon. Add onion and celery to the skillet. After 1 minute, add the apples and cook 2 more minutes. Place in bowl with sausage.
3. Add bread cubes, parsley and sage to the bowl.
4. In a separate bowl, mix the eggs and stock with the salt and pepper. Pour this over the sausage mixture and gently toss all the ingredients. They should combine without mushing.
5. Generously butter a 16-inch baking pan (2 tablespoons). Spread the mixture in the pan and dot with more butter (4 tablespoons).
6. Preheat oven to 350 degrees and bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour. The top should have a nice golden brown crust.
Pour 2 tablespoons lime syrup into each of 10 tall (8-ounce) glasses. Carefully pour 1 tablespoon grenadine over back of a long spoon inserted halfway into each glass (to prevent colors from blending). Gently top off drinks with seltzer, pouring it over back of spoon.
Squeeze out as much liquid as possible from spinach. Place spinach in blender. Add buttermilk, oil, egg and yolk; blend well. Sift flour, salt and nutmeg into large bowl. Gradually add buttermilk mixture; stir until thick and sticky batter forms.
Working in batches, drop batter by rounded 1/2 teaspoonfuls into large pot of boiling salted water, dipping teaspoon into boiling water between spoonfuls. Boil until cooked through, about 10 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer spaetzle to colander and drain well. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.)
Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add spaetzle and stir until coated with butter and heated through, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to platter; serve.
Tear 8 ounces burrata into pieces (or use bocconcini) and place on a platter.
Toss 2 thinly sliced watermelon radishes with 2 tablespoons olive oil and 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice; season with salt and pepper.
Arrange radish mixture over burrata and drizzle with any remaining dressing.
Top with chopped chives and finely grated lemon zest.
Generously butter a 2-quart shallow ceramic or glass baking dish.
Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 425°F.
Melt butter (3 tablespoons) in a 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat until foam subsides, then add flour and cook roux, whisking, 2 minutes. Add milk in a slow stream and boil, whisking, then reduce heat and simmer, whisking occasionally, until thickened, about 3 minutes. Whisk in squash, cheese, brown sugar, salt, cayenne, and nutmeg until combined (mixture may not be completely smooth), then transfer to a large bowl and whisk in yolks.
Beat whites with a pinch of salt in another bowl with an electric mixer until they just hold stiff peaks. Fold one fourth of whites into squash mixture to lighten, then fold in remaining whites gently but thoroughly. Spoon into baking dish and bake, uncovered, 15 minutes. Loosely cover top with foil and bake until puffed, golden brown, and just set, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve immediately, with freshly ground pepper.
Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Line bottom and sides of a 9-inch square baking pan with heavy-duty foil, leaving an overhang on 2 sides. Butter bottom and sides of pan, then dust with flour, knocking out excess.
Stir together flour, sugars, cinnamon, and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Blend in butter with your fingertips or a pastry blender until mixture forms large clumps.
Whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a bowl.
Stir together sour cream and vanilla in a small bowl.
Beat together butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add egg and beat until well blended.
At low speed, mix in flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with sour-cream mixture and mixing until just combined.
Gently fold in blueberries.
Spoon batter into pan, smoothing top (preferably with an offset spatula). Crumble half of topping evenly over batter.
Bake 25 minutes, then remove from oven and crumble remaining topping evenly over cake. Bake until a wooden pick inserted into center comes out clean, about 25 minutes more. Cool in pan 10 minutes. Lift out cake using foil and cool completely on rack.
Bring water to a boil with chicken wings in a 5- to 6-quart tall narrow stockpot and skim froth. Add remaining ingredients. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, skimming froth occasionally, 3 hours. Pour stock though a fine sieve set over a bowl and discard solids. Cool, uncovered, then chill, covered, until fat has solidified, at least overnight and up to 3 days. Scrape off all fat.
Stir together all ingredients in a bowl until combined well.
Combine first 7 ingredients in medium bowl. Toss to blend. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Let stand at room temperature 30 minutes before serving.) Squeeze lemon wedges over. Garnish with rosemary sprigs, if desired.
In a medium saucepan, soak the kombu in the water for 1 to 2 hours.
Set the saucepan of kombu on the stove and turn the heat up to high. When the water begins to throw bubbles but before it reaches a rolling boil, remove the kombu with tongs and discard. Stir the katsuobushi into the broth, and return to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and let sit for 10 minutes.
Strain through a cheesecloth-lined strainer set over a large bowl, then press as much liquid out of the katsuobushi as you can. Reserve the liquid. Discard the katsuobushi. You can add a dried shiitake mushroom to the liquid as it cools. Dashi keeps in the refrigerator for 1 week, or until it starts to cloud.
Combine the dashi, scallions, cilantro, vinegar, soy sauce, ginger, mirin, sesame oil, and hot pepper flakes in a medium bowl. Season to taste with more vinegar, soy, and red pepper flakes. Give the sauce a few hours to meld before serving.
Serve the pork shoulder shredded or chopped, along with rice and leaves of bibb (or other) lettuce. Let guests use the lettuce leaves to make rolls filled with pork and rice and dipped in the sauce.
Whisk eggs in medium bowl to blend. Whisk in 1 1/2 cups cold water, 1/2 teaspoon salt, gochu garu, and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper. Add flour; whisk until smooth. Mix in shrimp, all onions, and carrot. Let batter stand 1 hour at room temperature.
Whisk soy sauce, 2 tablespoons water, lemon juice, sesame oil, and gochu garu in medium bowl; divide among 4 to 6 small dipping bowls.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in each of two 10-inch-diameter nonstick skillets over medium heat. Add 1 cup pancake batter to each, spreading to edges of skillet. Cook until edges are firm and bottom is golden brown, about 4 minutes. Using spatula, turn pancakes over. Cook until second side is golden brown and shrimp is cooked through, about 4 more minutes (center will be soft). Increase heat to high and cook until bottom is deep brown, about 1 minute longer per side. Slide pancakes out onto cutting board. Repeat with remaining oil and batter, forming 2 more pancakes. Cut pancakes into wedges. Serve warm or at room temperature with dipping sauce.
In a large, deep skillet, heat the butter over medium-high heat until foaming. Add the olives and cook, stirring, until sizzling, about 2 minutes. Add the tomato sauce and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat and set aside.
Bring the salted water to a boil in a large pot over high heat. Cook and drain the gnocchi according to the directions
Bring the tomato sauce back to a simmer over low heat. Add the gnocchi and stir gently with a wooden spoon until coated. Stir in the grated cheese and basil. Check the seasoning, transfer the gnocchi to a platter, and serve immediately.
In a saucepan whisk together the vinegar, the oil, the sugar, the Worcestershire sauce, the Tabasco, the mustard, the gingerroot, and salt and pepper to taste, bring the mixture to a boil, and simmer it, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the shrimp and simmer them, stirring occasionally, for 3 to 5 minutes, or until they are cooked through. Transfer the mixture to a heatproof bowl, add the bell peppers, tossing the mixture well, and chill the mixture, covered, for 2 hours. Drain the mixture, discarding the liquid, and stir in the chopped coriander, the red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper to taste. Arrange a shrimp and several pepper strips on each pita wedge and garnish the canapés with the coriander sprigs.
Shake all ingredients, including ice, in a cocktail shaker, then chill in refrigerator 3 hours to blend flavors (most of ice will melt). Strain drink into 3 tall (12-ounce) glasses filled with ice.
Preheat oven to 425°F. Oil 2 large rimmed baking sheets. Combine all ingredients in very large bowl; toss to coat. Divide vegetables between prepared baking sheets; spread evenly. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Roast vegetables until tender and golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour 15 minutes. (Can be prepared 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Rewarm in 350°F oven 15 minutes.)
Heat oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add ginger and garlic; sauté 20 seconds. Add bell pepper and mushrooms; sauté until pepper is crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Add green onions and bok choy and sauté until just wilted, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 425°F. Toss onions and 2 tablespoons oil in large roasting pan. Roast until onions are golden brown, stirring every 15 minutes, about 1 hour.
Meanwhile, rinse turkey inside and out; pat dry. Slide hand under skin of turkey breast to loosen skin. Spread butter under skin over breast meat. Arrange 4 sage leaves under skin on each side of breast. If stuffing turkey, spoon stuffing loosely into main cavity. Tuck wing tips under turkey; tie legs together loosely. Rub turkey all over with 1 tablespoon oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Place turkey atop onions in pan. Add neck, heart and gizzard pieces to pan. Roast turkey 30 minutes. Pour 1 cup broth into pan. Tent turkey loosely with foil. Reduce oven temperature to 325°F. Roast turkey 2 hours. Uncover; continue to roast until turkey is golden brown and thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 180°F, basting occasionally with pan juices, about 1 hour longer if unstuffed or about 1 hour 30 minutes longer if stuffed. Transfer to platter. Tent loosely with foil; let stand 30 minutes. Remove neck and giblet pieces from pan; discard. Pour onion mixture into large glass measuring cup; spoon off fat, reserving 2 tablespoons. Add more chicken broth to onion mixture if necessary to measure 5 cups.
Heat reserved 2 tablespoons turkey fat in large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add chopped sage; stir 30 seconds. Add flour; whisk until beginning to color, about 3 minutes (mixture will be dry and crumbly). Gradually whisk in onion mixture, wine and nutmeg. Simmer until gravy thickens to desired consistency, whisking frequently, about 5 minutes; season with salt and pepper.
Serve turkey with gravy.
Coarsely chop shrimp and sausage in processor, using on/off turns. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in small skillet over medium heat. Add bell pepper and onion; sauté until vegetables soften, about 5 minutes. Transfer to medium bowl; cool. Add shrimp and sausage to vegetable mixture. Stir in mayonnaise, 1/2 cup breadcrumbs, green onion, and mustard; season with salt and pepper. Cover and chill 30 minutes.
Form shrimp mixture into eight 1-inch-thick cakes. Place remaining 3/4 cup breadcrumbs on plate. Coat each cake with crumbs, patting to adhere. Transfer to plate; cover and chill 15 minutes or up to 1 day.
Melt 1 tablespoon butter in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. Add shrimp cakes; sauté until brown, about 6 minutes per side. Transfer 1 cake to each of 6 plates and serve.
Andouille sausage can be found in specialty foods stores and some supermarkets. You can substitute hot links, kielbasa sausage or smoked Hungarian sausage in these recipes.
Finely mash tofu with a fork in a bowl, then let drain in a sieve set over another bowl, about 15 minutes (discard liquid).
While tofu drains, whisk together mayonnaise, lemon juice, turmeric, and mustard in bowl, then stir in tofu, celery, chives, salt, and pepper.
Bring whipping cream to simmer in heavy medium saucepan; remove from heat. Add chopped chocolate; whisk until smooth.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Grind cookies in processor until coarse crumbs form. Add butter and blend until crumbs cling together and are evenly moistened. Press crumb mixture over bottom and up sides of 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Bake crust until slightly puffed and darker, about 10 minutes. Cool crust on rack. Combine cherries, sugar and brandy, if desired, in heavy medium saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves and mixture comes to boil. Reduce heat; simmer until thick syrup forms, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Mix in almond extract. Cool to room temperature.
Place ice cream in large bowl. Fold in cherry mixture and chocolate chips. Pack ice cream mixture into prepared crust. Cover pie and freeze. (Sauce and pie can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate sauce. Keep pie frozen.)
Rewarm sauce over low heat. Cut pie into wedges; serve with sauce.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Spray 15x10x2-inch glass baking dish with nonstick spray. Sprinkle cheese evenly over bottom of dish. Sprinkle chilies, sun-dried tomatoes and basil over cheese. Using electric mixer, beat eggs in large bowl until pale and slightly thickened, about 8 minutes. Beat in reserved 5 tablespoons jalapeño liquid. Pour egg mixture into dish.
Bake frittata until firm, about 30 minutes. Cool slightly. Cut into 24 squares. Cut each square diagonally in half. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Reheat in 350°F oven 10 minutes.) Serve warm.
Whisk vinegar, mustard, citrus peels, and honey in small bowl. gradually whisk in oil. Season vinaigrette with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Toss beets and oil in large bowl; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Wrap each beet in foil. place directly on oven rack; roast until tender, 60 to 70 minutes. Open foil; cool 30 minutes. Rub skins off beets; cut each into 8 wedges. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Place spinach in large bowl; toss with 2 tablespoons vinaigrette. Divide among plates. Add beets and citrus segments to same bowl. Add 2 tablespoons vinaigrette; toss to coat. Arrange beet mixture atop spinach; sprinkle with cheese and chives. Serve, passing any remaining vinaigrette.
Cook beans in a 4- to 5-quart pot of boiling salted water , uncovered, until just tender, about 5 minutes. Drain beans in a colander.
Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then fry shallots in 3 batches, stirring frequently, until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes per batch (watch carefully; shallots burn easily). Transfer shallots quickly as browned with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. (Shallots will become crisp as they cool.)
Discard all but about 1 tablespoon oil from skillet, then cook chile over moderate heat, stirring, until softened, about 2 minutes. Add beans and salt and toss with tongs until heated through. Remove from heat and add fried shallots and mint, tossing to combine.
Toss shrimp with 1 tbsp oil, rosemary, parsley, red pepper flakes, and garlic and refrigerate 3 hours. Bring 8 cups well-salted water to a boil; add gnocchi. Drain when gnocchi float (about 5 minutes), reserving 1/4 cup liquid. Combine remaining 1 tbsp oil with shrimp, peas and green onion in a large sauté pan over high heat; season with salt and pepper. Add gnocchi and pasta liquid and cook until shrimp are pink and just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Serve warm.
In a kettle combine the cranberry juice, the sugar, the cinnamon stick, and the lemon juice, bring the mixture to a boil, and add the pears. Heat the mixture until it just comes to a simmer and simmer the pear gently 10 to 15 minutes, or until they are just tender. Remove the kettle from the heat, stir in the cranberries, and let the mixture cool. Chill the mixture, covered, for at least 8 hours. The pear mixture may be made 3 days in advance and kept covered and chilled.
In a food processor blend together well the flour, the brown sugar, the ginger, the cinnamon, the allspice, and the salt, add the butter, and blend the mixture until it resembles coarse meal. In a small bowl stir together the egg yolk and the molasses, add the mixture to the flour mixture, and pulse the motor, blending the mixture until it is combined well but still crumbly. Turn the mixture out into a 10-inch tart pan with a fluted removable rim and press it onto the bottom and up the side of the pan. Chill the crust for 30 minutes. Prick the crust with a fork, line it with foil, and fill the foil with the rice. Bake the crust in the lower third of a preheated 375°F. oven for 15 minutes, remove the foil and rice carefully, and bake the crust for 10 minutes more. Let the crust cool in the pan on a rack.
Transfer the poached pears and half the cranberries with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain, discard the cinnamon stick, and reserve the syrup with the remaining cranberries. In a small bowl whisk together the eggs, the sugar, the sour cream, the milk, the vanilla, the zest, and a pinch of salt, stir in the drained cranberries, and spoon half of the custard into the crust. Slice 4 of the pear halves crosswise on the diagonal, arrange them decoratively on the custard with the unsliced pear halves, and spoon the remaining custard around the pears. Bake the tart in the middle of a preheated 325°F. oven for 50 to 55 minutes, or until the custard is just set. Remove the rim of the pan and let the tart cool on a rack. The tart may be made up to this point 8 hours in advance, cooled completely, and chilled.
In a saucepan boil the reserved syrup and cranberries over moderately high heat until the syrup is reduced to about 1 cup and is jellylike in consistency and transfer the cranberries with a slotted spoon to a plate to cool. Brush the pears with some of the cranberry glaze and arrange the cranberries around the edge of the tart. Serve the tart warm or chilled.
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion; sauté until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add mushrooms; sauté until beginning to brown, about 3 minutes. Remove skillet from heat; add brandy. Carefully ignite; when flames subside, return to heat. Simmer until brandy is almost evaporated, about 1 minute. Add beef stock and chicken stock; boil 5 minutes. Add cream; boil until sauce coats spoon, about 14 minutes. Pour sauce into bowl; clean skillet.
Place flour in shallow dish. Sprinkle veal cutlets with salt and pepper; coat with flour. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in same heavy large skillet over high heat. Add 3 veal cutlets to skillet and sauté until brown and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer veal to plate. Repeat with remaining veal cutlets. Cover veal to keep warm.
Melt remaining butter in same skillet. Add shrimp; sauté until just opaque in center, about 3 minutes. Pour sauce into skillet; stir until heated through, scraping up any browned bits. Divide veal among plates. Top with shrimp and sauce.
In medium heavy saucepan over very low heat, combine oil, lemon peel, lemon thyme, and lemongrass. Cook, uncovered, until aromatic, about 1 hour. Do not let oil boil. Remove from heat and cool to room temperature. Strain through fine-mesh sieve into medium heatproof container and refrigerate until cool, about 1 hour. (Oil can be refrigerated, in airtight container, up to 5 days).
In medium bowl, whisk together lemon juice, mustard, salt, and pepper. Slowly whisk in 1/4 cup lemon oil, then olive oil. (Vinaigrette can be made up to 3 hours ahead and chilled, covered. Bring to room temperature and stir before serving.)
Place potatoes in a large pot, add water to cover, and season with kosher salt. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until tender, 10–12 minutes. Drain; let cool slightly.
Meanwhile, preheat broiler. Whisk yogurt, lemon juice, and vinegar in a small bowl; season with kosher salt and pepper. Set yogurt sauce aside.
Place potatoes on a broiler-proof rimmed baking sheet and, using the bottom of a small bowl or measuring cup, press potatoes to flatten slightly. Add garlic, drizzle with 4 tablespoons oil, and toss to coat; season with kosher salt and pepper. Broil potatoes until golden brown, 10–12 minutes.
Rub skin side of mackerel with remaining 1 tablespoon oil; season with kosher salt and pepper. Place, skin side up, on top of potatoes and broil until fish is opaque throughout and skin is crisp, 10–12 minutes. Remove from oven and top with oregano and lemon zest.
Spoon yogurt sauce onto each plate and top with potatoes and fish; sprinkle with sea salt.
In a saucepan of boiling water blanch shallots 1 minute and drain. Peel shallots and separate into cloves where possible.
In a heavy saucepan cook shallots in butter over moderate heat, stirring, until coated well. Add sugar and 1 tablespoon vinegar and cook, stirring, until sugar mixture turns a golden caramel. Add remaining vinegar, wine, and salt and boil 1 minute. Add cherries and simmer, covered, 45 minutes, or until shallots are tender.
Add cranberries and water and boil gently, uncovered, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes, or until cranberries burst. Transfer compote to a bowl and cool. Compote may be made 5 days ahead and chilled, covered.
Serve compote at room temperature.
Bring broth to simmer in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken and simmer until just cooked through, about 7 minutes. Transfer to work surface to cool. Add snow peas to broth and cook until tender, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer peas to bowl of cold water. Drain. Set aside.
Boil broth until reduced to 1/3 cup, about 7 minutes. Transfer to bowl; cool.
Combine vinegar, cilantro, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, chili, sesame oil and sugar substitute in medium bowl. Whisk in reserved broth.
Place cabbages, mushrooms, carrots and onions in large bowl. Pour dressing over and toss to combine.(Can be made 6 hours ahead. Cover; chill.)
Preheat oven to 325°F. Butter 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Mix cookie crumbs and butter in medium bowl until moist clumps form. Press mixture onto bottom and up sides of prepared tart pan. Bake until set, about 10 minutes. Cool completely.
Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese and peanut butter in large bowl until smooth. Using clean dry beaters, beat cream, powdered sugar, and vanilla to soft peaks in another large bowl. Whisk half of whipped cream mixture into peanut butter mixture. Fold in remaining whipped cream mixture. Transfer 3 tablespoons filling to small bowl and reserve. Spread remaining filling in crust.
Melt chocolate in top of double boiler set over simmering water. Whisk in reserved 3 tablespoons filling. Immediately transfer chocolate mixture to pastry bag fitted with 1/8-inch plain tip. Pipe chocolate mixture in spiral atop filling. Using small sharp knife, begin at center and draw tip of knife toward edge of tart. Move knife over 2 inches; begin at edge and draw tip of knife toward center. Repeat to form web pattern. Chill until cold. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled.) Cut tart into wedges and serve cold.
Put oven rack in lower third of oven and preheat oven to 475°F. Brush a large shallow baking pan with oil (2 tablespoons).
Pulse crackers in a food processor until finely ground, then transfer to a wide shallow bowl and stir in 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Toss tenders with mustard in a large bowl until coated, then dredge, 2 at a time, in cracker crumbs until evenly coated. Arrange tenders in 1 layer, without crowding, in oiled pan. Bake, turning over once, until golden brown, about 15 minutes total.
Meanwhile, melt butter in a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot over moderate heat, then cook spinach, covered, turning with tongs, until spinach is just wilted, about 2 minutes. Stir in salt and remaining 1/4 teaspoon pepper, then serve spinach with chicken.
Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 375°F. Wrap outside of 10-inch-diameter springform pan with heavy-duty foil. Combine all ingredients in processor. Blend using on/off turns just until crumbs are moist. Press crumb mixture firmly onto bottom and 2 inches up sides of prepared pan. Bake until crust begins to brown, about 8 minutes. Transfer crust to rack and cool. Maintain oven temperature.
Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese and sugar in large bowl until will blended. Beat in flour. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating just until combined. Beat in sour cream, milk and vanilla. Pour filling into crust.
Place springform pan in large roasting pan. Pour enough hot water into roasting pan to come 1 inch up sides of pan. Bake cheesecake until just set in center and top is slightly puffed and golden brown, about 1 hour. Turn off oven; keep door closed. Let cheesecake stand in oven 1 hour. Remove cheesecake from roasting pan. Refrigerate until cold, at least 6 hours. Cover; refrigerate overnight.
Stir blueberry spread in large skillet over low heat until melted. Remove from heat. Add blueberries; toss to coat. Spoon blueberry mixture over top of cake, spreading evenly. Chill until cold, at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours.
Run small sharp knife around sides of cake to loosen. Release pan sides. Transfer cake to platter. Cut into wedges.
Preheat oven to 350° F. and line 2 buttered 7- by 2-inch round cake pans and 2 buttered 9- by 2-inch round cake pans with rounds of wax paper. Butter paper and dust pans with flour, knocking out excess.
Put cocoa powder in a bowl and whisk in boiling water in a stream until smooth. Stir in chopped chocolate and let stand 5 minutes. Stir mixture until smooth and chocolate is melted and cool mixture. Whisk in sour cream and vanilla.
Into a bowl sift together flour, baking soda, and salt. In large bowl of a standing electric mixer beat together butter and sugars until light and fluffy and add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition and scraping down side of bowl. Reduce speed to low and add flour mixture and cocoa mixture alternately in batches, beginning and ending with flour mixture and beating until batter is combined well.
Pour 2 cups batter into each 7-inch pan and smooth tops. Divide remaining batter between 9-inch pans (about 33/4 cups each) and smooth tops. In middle and lower thirds of oven arrange one 9-inch layer and one 7-inch layer on each rack, putting 7-inch layers in front part of oven. Bake 7-inch layers 25 to 30 minutes and 9-inch layers 35 to 40 minutes, or until a tester comes out with crumbs adhering. Run a thin knife around edges of pans and invert cakes onto racks. Peel off paper and cool cakes completely. Cake layers may be made 2 days ahead and kept at cool room temperature, wrapped well in plastic wrap, or 2 weeks ahead and frozen, wrapped well in plastic wrap and foil. Defrost cake layers (without unwrapping) at room temperature.
In a small saucepan bring cream just to a boil. Remove pan from heat and add chocolate, butter, zest, and liqueur. Let ganache stand 3 minutes and whisk until chocolate is melted. Chill ganache just until cool, about 40 minutes.
In a bowl with an electric mixer beat ganache just until light and fluffy before using (do not overbeat or it will become grainy).
Put one 9-inch layer on 8-inch cardboard round and spread evenly with 2 cups ganache. Top with remaining 9-inch layer and gently press layers together to form an even tier. Put one 7-inch layer on 6-inch cardboard round and top with remaining ganache and remaining 7-inch layer in same manner.
Frost top and sides of 9-inch tier with some buttercream and chill while frosting 7-inch tier. Chill both tiers until buttercream is firm.
Cut straws in half and insert 1 straw piece all the way into center of 9-inch tier. Trim straw flush with top of tier and insert remaining 5 straw pieces in same manner in a circle about 1 1/2 inches from center straw. Center 7-inch tier (still on cardboard) on top of 9-inch tier. Fill in any gaps between tiers with buttercream and transfer cake to a cake stand or platter. Chill cake at least 6 hours and up to 1 day.
Arrange fraises des bois and roses decoratively on top and around sides of cake. Let cake stand at cool room temperature (buttercream is sensitive to warm temperatures) 2 to 4 hours before serving. Serves about 30 (including top tier).
In a small heavy saucepan whisk together yolks and sugar and whisk in orange juice, butter, and a pinch salt. Cook mixture over moderately low heat, whisking, until it just reaches boiling point, 5 to 7 minutes (do not let boil), and strain through a fine sieve into a bowl. Whisk in lemon juice and cool curd, its surface covered with plastic wrap. Chill orange curd, covered, until cold, at least 4 hours, and up to 2 days.
In a heavy saucepan bring sugar and water to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Boil syrup, undisturbed, until it registers 248° F. on a candy thermometer. While syrup is boiling, in large bowl of a standing electric mixer beat whites with a pinch salt until foamy and beat in cream of tartar. Beat whites until they just hold stiff peaks and beat in hot syrup in a stream (try to avoid beaters and side of bowl). Beat mixture at medium speed until completely cool, 15 to 20 minutes. Beat in butter, 1 piece at a time, and beat until thickened and smooth. (Buttercream will at first appear very thin and at some point look like it is breaking but, as more butter is beaten in, it will thicken and become glossy and smooth.) Beat in orange curd, salt, and zest until smooth. Buttercream may be made 4 days ahead and chilled in an airtight container or 2 weeks ahead and frozen in an airtight container. Bring buttercream completely to room temperature (this may take several hours if frozen) and beat before using. (If buttercream is too cold when beaten it will not be glossy and smooth.) Makes about 8 cups.
Blend first 4 ingredients in processor 5 seconds. Add butter and blend, using on/off turns, until coarse meal forms. Add 1/4 cup ice water. Blend until dough comes together in moist clumps, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather dough into ball. Divide in half. Shape into disks. Wrap in plastic and chill 1 hour.
Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 375°F. Mix cherries and whisky in small bowl. Let stand 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir apples, sugar, and cinnamon in large bowl. Fold in cherry mixture.
Roll out 1 dough disk on lightly floured surface to 13-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Mound filling in crust (filling will be high). Roll out remaining dough disk to 13-inch round and drape over pie. Fold top and bottom overhangs together to seal. Crimp edge of crust decoratively. Brush glaze over top of crust, but not crust edge. Cut several small slits in top crust.
Bake pie 10 minutes. Cover crust edge with foil and bake until apples are tender, about 50 minutes longer. Cool pie 30 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature with cream or vanilla ice cream.
In a kettle combine the potatoes with enough salted cold water to cover them by 2 inches, bring the water to a boil, and simmer the potatoes, removing the small ones as they are done, for 30 to 40 minutes, or until they are tender. Drain the potatoes and let them cool until they can be handled. Peel the potatoes and cut them into bite-sized pieces.
In a large bowl whisk together the vinegar and salt and pepper to taste, add the oil in a stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. Add the potatoes and the parsley and combine the salad well.
Trim stalks and cut fennel bulb lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick strips, discarding core. Cut carrots into 1/4-inch-thick sticks.
Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté fennel and carrots with salt to taste, stirring occasionally, until they begin to brown. Add wine, water, and sugar and simmer, covered, 5 minutes. Boil, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until liquid is evaporated and vegetables are tender. Season with salt and pepper.
If necessary, trim steaks, leaving some fat. In a shallow dish rub steaks with garlic and oil. Marinate steaks, covered and chilled, at least 30 minutes and up to 1 day.
Prepare grill.
Season steaks generously with coarse salt and grill on a rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 2 to 3 minutes on each side for medium-rare. (Alternatively, steaks may be broiled on rack of a broiler pan under a preheated broiler 3 inches from heat about 4 minutes on each side.) Transfer steaks to a cutting board and drizzle with lime juice. Let steaks stand, uncovered, 5 to 10 minutes and with a sharp knife cut diagonally across grain into thin slices.
Serve steak with accompaniments.
Whisk together mayonnaise, egg, mustard, Old Bay, lemon juice, salt, pepper, and Tabasco, then gently stir in crabmeat. Chill, covered, 2 hours.
Pulse cornflakes in a food processor until coarsely ground and put in a shallow dish. Form 1 heaping teaspoon crab mixture into a 1 1/2-inch-diameter cake (mixture will be very moist), then gently dredge in cornflakes. Make more crab cakes in same manner, transferring to buttered baking sheets. Chill, covered, at least 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 400°F.
Bake crab cakes in batches in middle of oven until crisp and golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer with a spatula to a platter and top each with about 1/2 tablespoon tomato ginger jam.
Whisk 1/2 cup crumbled feta, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, and 2 tablespoons olive oil; season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Toss with 1/4 thinly sliced red onion, 2 thinly sliced radishes, 1/2 pound green beans (shaved with a peeler), and 1/4 cup chopped Kalamata olives. Build 4 sandwiches with 8 slices bread, 4 sliced hard-boiled eggs, and slaw.
Adjust rack to lower third of oven. Preheat to 300°F. Simmer wine in large saucepan over medium heat until reduced to 1 cup, about 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat oil in heavy large wide pot over medium heat. Sprinkle roasts with salt and pepper. Add 1 roast to pot and cook until brown on all sides, about 13 minutes. Transfer to large plate; repeat with remaining roast. Spoon fat from pot Add onion, carrot, celery, and garlic to pot. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. sauté over medium-high heat until vegetables begin to brown, about 6 minutes. Add tomato paste; stir 1 minute. Add broth; bring to boil. Add sage, parsley, bay leaf, and peppercorns. Return roasts and any accumulated juices to pot, tucking roasts to fit in single layer. Pour reduced red wine over; cover.
Transfer roasts to oven and braise 1 hour 15 minutes. Turn roasts over. Cover and braise until roasts are tender, about 1 hour 15 minutes longer. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 days ahead. Cool slightly. Chill uncovered until cool, then cover and keep chilled. Rewarm in 350°F oven until heated through, about 30 minutes.
Transfer roasts to cutting board; tent with foil. Strain braising liquid into medium saucepan, pressing on solids in strainer. Spoon fat from surface of braising liquid; keep liquid warm.
Melt butter with oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add celery root, turnips, and carrots. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. sauté until browned in spots, about 8 minutes. Add 1 cup braising liquid from pot roast. Cover, reduce heat to medium, and simmer until vegetables are tender, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Uncover, increase heat to high, and bring to boil. Stir in sugar. Add sage and parsley and cook until sauce is reduced to glaze, stirring often, about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Cut roasts into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Arrange slices on platter. Spoon vegetables around roast. Drizzle some of braising liquid over meat and serve.
Mix tomatoes and sugar in a large wide shallow pot. Let stand at room temperature for 10 minutes. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, occasionally stirring gently. Boil, stirring often, for 15 minutes. Stir in salt, pepper, and paprika. Cook until thickened and reduced to 2 cups, about 10 minutes. Ladle into a clean, hot 1-pint jar. Wipe rim, seal, and process in a boiling water bath for 10 minutes.
Cover eggs with cold water in a medium saucepan. Cook eggs, uncovered, at a gentle boil 10 minutes. Pour off hot water. Shake pan gently so eggs bump one another (to crack shells). Run cold water into pan to stop cooking. Let eggs stand in cold water 15 minutes, adding more water to keep cold.
Mince and mash garlic to a paste with a pinch of salt. Whisk together with mayonnaise, lemon juice, zest, mustard, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper.
Chop eggs and stir into dressing with fennel and fronds.
Soak shiitakes in boiling-hot water in a bowl until softened, about 30 minutes. Cut out and discard stems, then squeeze excess liquid from caps and discard soaking liquid.
Hack each chicken thigh crosswise through bone into thirds with cleaver.
Stir together soy sauce, rice wine, cornstarch, sesame oil, and salt in a large bowl until smooth, then add chicken, mushroom caps, scallions, and ginger and toss well to coat. Marinate at room temperature, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes.
Put rack into wok and add enough water to reach just below it. (If using a steamer insert, use approximately 4 inches of water.) Cover wok (or skillet) and bring water to a boil. Transfer chicken mixture to pie plate and put in wok (or skillet), then steam, covered, stirring once, until chicken is just cooked through, about 25 minutes.
While chicken is steaming, cook bok choy, uncovered, in a 4- to 6-quart pot of (unsalted) boiling water until just tender, 7 to 9 minutes, then drain in a colander.
Carefully remove pie plate from wok. Arrange bok choy around edge of a large deep platter and spoon chicken and sauce in center.
*Available at Asian markets, many supermarkets, and Uwajimaya (800-889-1928).
Working in small batches, place brussels sprouts in feed tube of processor fitted with thin slicing disk; slice.
Melt butter with olive oil in large pot over medium heat. Add shallots; sauté until almost translucent, about 3 minutes. Add garlic; stir 1 minute. Add brussels sprouts; increase heat to medium-high and sauté until tender, about 8 minutes. Stir in 3 tablespoons pine nuts and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl. Sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon pine nuts and serve.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Place the chocolate and butter in a saucepan over low heat and stir until the chocolate is melted and smooth. Place the eggs, egg yolks and sugar in a bowl and whisk until well combined. Add the chocolate mixture and flour and whisk until well combined.
Spoon two-thirds of the mixture into 4 (1-cup) well-greased dariole molds or other 1-cup baking molds. Spoon 2 tablespoons peanut butter into the center of each mold and spoon the remaining chocolate mixture over. Place the molds on a baking sheet and bake for 16–18 minutes or until puffed. Gently turn out the cakes immediately and dust with cocoa powder to serve.
Stir cumin seeds in a small dry skillet over medium heat until fragrant, 3-4 minutes. Let cool. Finely grind in a spice mill.
Whisk cumin, lemon juice, vinegar, and Dijon mustard in a medium bowl. Gradually whisk in 1/2 cup oil, then mint. Season vinaigrette with salt and pepper.
Cook carrots in a large pot of boiling salted water for 1 minute; using a slotted spoon, transfer carrots to a bowl. Add beets to same pot of boiling water and cook until just tender, 20-25 minutes. Drain. Let stand at room temperature to cool slightly, about 15 minutes. Peel and trim beets; halve lengthwise. DO AHEAD: Vinaigrette and vegetables can be made 1 day ahead. Cover separately; chill. Return vinaigrette to room temperature and whisk before using.
Preheat oven to 450°F. Season carrots with salt and pepper. Toss with 1 1/2 teaspoons oil. Arrange on half of a large rimmed baking sheet. Place beets in same bowl; season with salt and pepper and toss with remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons oil. Arrange in single layer opposite carrots on same baking sheet. Roast vegetables, turning once, until slightly charred and just tender, about 15 minutes.
Place carrots, 1/2 cup parsley leaves, and feta in a medium bowl; drizzle 1/4 cup vinaigrette over and toss to coat. Arrange carrot mixture on a small platter. Place beets in another medium bowl. Add 2 tablespoons vinaigrette; toss to coat. Tuck beets in among carrots. Sprinkle remaining 1/4 cup parsley leaves over. Drizzle with remaining dressing.
1. To make the filling, quickly whisk together 4 tablespoons of the milk with the flour. The slurry will be somewhat thick, so whisk thoroughly to make it smooth. Press out any lumps with a flexible spatula, if necessary.
2. Whisk in the rest of the milk and transfer the mixture to a 2-quart heavy-bottom saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, whisking constantly. Once bubbles that burp steam form, remove the pot from the heat and continue to stir for another 30 seconds.
3. Cover the milk mixture with plastic wrap pressed directly against the surface. Cool for 15 to 30 minutes.
4. Meanwhile, combine the butter, sugar, citrus oil, and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on high speed for up to 5 minutes.
5. Add the milk mixture and continue to beat on high speed until the filling is smooth, another 5 minutes. Beat in the ricotta cheese 1 tablespoon at a time.
6. Preheat the oven to 335°F and place the rack in the middle position. Line the bottoms of three 9-by-2- inch round pans with parchment.
7. Measure the flour, cornstarch, baking powder, and salt into one bowl, and the milk and vanilla into a separate bowl. Whisk each to combine.
8. In the standing mixer fitted with the wire whip attachment, beat the egg whites on high speed to a stiff peak. Drizzle in 1 cup of the sugar while the mixer is running. Scoop the meringue into a large bowl and set aside.
9. Lightly wipe the mixer bowl and replace the wire whip with the paddle attachment. Cream the butter with the remaining 1 cup of sugar on low speed.
10. Add the egg yolks one at a time. Scrape the sides of the bowl all the way to the bottom using a flexible spatula and mix on low speed until the ingredients are thoroughly combined.
11. Alternately add the dry and wet ingredients about a quarter at a time without pausing between additions.
12. Stop the mixer and gently fold the meringue into the batter with a flexible spatula. Pour the mixture evenly into the prepared pans and bake for 27 to 30 minutes, or until the cake bounces back when lightly pressed and a wooden skewer inserted in the center comes out clean.
13. Cool the cakes for 2 minutes, then run an offset spatula around the edges and invert the cakes onto a flat surface. They will be very fragile, so handle them with care.
14. Assemble the extravagant cake by adding about 1 cup each of the fresh strawberries and the ricotta filling between the layers. Cover the outside of the cake with the whipped cream. Add more fresh strawberries around the edge of the cake if you like.
Drain beans and place in a large heavy pot along with halved onion, Parmesan rind (if using), halved head of garlic, bay leaves, and 2 teaspoons salt. Add water to cover by 2". Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until beans are tender, 1–1 1/2 hours.
Meanwhile, cook bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until brown and most of fat has rendered, 8–10 minutes. Transfer to a plate with tongs or a slotted spoon.
Add thinly sliced onion, shallot, thyme sprigs, and three-fourths of chopped garlic to pan drippings in skillet; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is starting to caramelize and is very soft, 10–15 minutes. Add wine, bring to a simmer, and cook, stirring occasionally, until liquid is almost completely evaporated, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat and pluck out thyme sprigs.
Preheat oven to 400°. Drain beans, reserving cooking liquid. Transfer beans to a large bowl and mix in bacon, onion mixture, thyme leaves, and 1 1/2–2 cups cooking liquid (this will be most of it; mixture should be consistency of stew); season with salt and pepper. Transfer beans to a shallow 1 1/2-quart baking dish.
Mix breadcrumbs, oil, and remaining chopped garlic in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. Scatter over beans; bake until liquid is thickened and bubbling and crumbs are golden brown, 45–55 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving.
Do ahead: Beans can be baked 5 days ahead. Let cool; cover and chill.
1. Combine the butter, lime juice, lime zest, sugar, salt, and cilantro in a medium bowl and mix well.
2. Grill the corn on a medium-hot grill for 10 minutes, turning occasionally.
3. Transfer the lime-cilantro butter to a serving bowl and serve with the corn.
Butter 11x7x2-inch glass baking dish. Combine kabocha and butternut squash and parsnips in large bowl. Melt butter in small saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in next 5 ingredients. Add to squash mixture and toss to coat. Transfer mixture to prepared baking dish. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before continuing.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Cover squash mixture with foil. Bake covered 40 minutes. Uncover; bake until all vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes longer. Sprinkle with almonds and bake 10 minutes.
Prepare grill for medium-high heat; oil grate. Combine onion, vinegar, and 6 tablespoons oil in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Set marinade aside.
Rub snapper all over with 1 tablespoon oil total; season with salt and pepper. Grill, skin side down, until lightly charred and almost cooked through, 4–6 minutes (skin should release easily; if it sticks, grill another minute or two). Turn; grill until just cooked through, about 1 minute. Place skin side up in a baking dish.
Pour reserved marinade over hot snapper and let sit at least 10 minutes (the longer it sits, the more intensely flavored it will be).
Meanwhile, toss scallions on a baking sheet with remaining 1 tablespoon oil; season with salt and pepper. Grill, turning often, until lightly charred and wilted, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board. Let cool; coarsely chop.
To serve, spoon marinade over snapper and top with scallions and parsley.
Snapper can be marinated 2 hours ahead. Cover and chill.
Coarsely chop pecans. In a skillet melt butter over moderate heat until foam subsides. Toast pecans in butter, stirring occasionally, until golden and fragrant, about 5 minutes, and sprinkle with salt to taste. Cool pecans and chill in a sealable plastic bag. Buttered pecans may be made 3 days ahead and chilled.
In a heavy saucepan bring cream, milk, maple syrup, and salt just to a boil, stirring occasionally. In a bowl beat yolks until smooth. Add hot cream mixture to yolks in a slow stream, whisking, and pour into pan. Cook custard over moderately low heat, stirring constantly, until a thermometer registers 170° F. Pour custard through a sieve into a clean bowl and cool. Stir in extract. Chill custard, its surface covered with plastic wrap, at least 3 hours, or until cold, and up to 1 day.
Freeze custard in an ice-cream maker. Transfer ice cream to a bowl and fold in chilled pecans. Transfer ice cream to an airtight container and put in freezer to harden. Ice cream may be made 1 week ahead.
1. Brush the grill grates lightly with the safflower oil. Prepare a hot fire on a gas or charcoal grill.
2. Whisk together the olive oil, vinegar, and basil in a small bowl until well blended. Brush the zucchini, yellow squash, onion, red bell peppers, and scallions with the olive oil mixture. Place the vegetables on the hot grill and cook 3 to 4 minutes per side until crisp-tender. Season with salt and pepper.
3. Soak the sun-dried tomatoes in 1 cup hot water, covered, about 5 minutes or until softened. Drain and set aside. (Note: Eliminate this step if you are using sun-dried tomatoes packed in oil.)
4. Arrange the grilled vegetables, sun-dried tomatoes, and sliced tomatoes on individual plates or a serving platter. Add a slice of chevre on the side of the vegetables. Drizzle the vegetables with the vinaigrette, and drizzle a little more vinaigrette around the place. Garnish with the parsley and basil. Season with additional salt and pepper, if desired, and serve with crostini.
Makes 25 to 30 crostini
1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees
2. Slice the bread on a slight angle into 1/4-inch-thick slices and place on a baking pan in a single layer.
3. Mix together the olive oil, butter, parsley, dill and pepper in a small bowl.
4. Brush one side of each piece of bread with the butter mixture and sprinkle with the salt. Toast in the oven 10 to 15 minutes, until golden brown and crunchy.
5.Let cool completely, then store in an air-tight container up to 1 week.
1. Combine the vinegar, lemon juice, herbs, and pepper in a small bowl and stir to mix.
2. Slowly add the olive oil and the canola oil and whisk until all the oil is incorporated. Refrigerate in an air-tight container until ready to use or up to 1 week.
1. Mix the parsley and pepper together on a plate. Roll the chevre log in the mixture, pressing lightly so the seasonings adhere. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill 1 to 2 hours.
2. Remove the log from the refrigerator and unwrap. Cut into 1-inch slices with string, dental floss, or wire. Keep refrigerated until ready to serve
Char bell peppers over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Wrap in paper bag and let stand at least 10 minutes. Peel and seed. Rinse if necessary; pat dry. Cut into 3/4-inch-wide strips. Place in bowl. Mix in oil, vinegar and orange peel. Season with salt and pepper. Let stand 1 hour. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before serving) Chop basil; mix into peppers and serve.
In a heavy kettle cook onions, garlic, and tomatoes, covered, over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until onions are very soft, about 40 minutes. Force mixture through a food mill fitted with coarse disk into a bowl.
In cleaned kettle stir together puree, sugar, and vinegar and simmer, uncovered, stirring frequently to prevent scorching, until reduced by half, about 20 minutes.
Tie cloves, allspice, cinnamon, and celery seed in a cheesecloth bag and add to tomato mixture with mustard and paprika. Simmer mixture, stirring, until very thick, about 10 minutes. Discard bag and season mixture with Tabasco and salt. Ketchup may be made 10 days ahead and chilled, covered.
Preheat oven to 425°. Toss potatoes with oil and rosemary in a baking dish; season with salt and pepper. Roast, tossing halfway through, until potatoes are golden brown and tender, 25-30 minutes. Pierce with a paring knife, or eat one, to make sure they're ready.
Remove potatoes from oven and heat broiler. Crumble cheese over potatoes and broil until cheese is golden brown and bubbling.
Combine all ingredients in small bowl.
Do ahead: Can be made 2 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Combine first 8 ingredients in blender; blend until almost smooth. Add 1/4 of parsley, 1/4 of cilantro, and 1/4 of mint; blend until incorporated. Add remaining herbs in 3 more additions, pureeing until almost smooth after each addition.
Do ahead: Can be made 3 hours ahead. Cover; chill.
Let beef stand at room temperature 1 hour.
Prepare barbecue (high heat). Pat beef dry with paper towels; brush with oil. Sprinkle all over with spice rub, using all of mixture (coating will be thick). Place beef on grill; sear 2 minutes on each side. Reduce heat to medium-high. Grill uncovered until instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of beef registers 130°F for medium-rare, moving beef to cooler part of grill as needed to prevent burning, and turning occasionally, about 40 minutes. Transfer to platter; cover loosely with foil and let rest 15 minutes. Thinly slice beef crosswise. Serve with chimichurri sauce.
*Available at specialty foods stores and from tienda.com.
Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle.
Heat oil in a wide 5- to 6-quart ovenproof heavy pot over medium heat until it shimmers, then lightly brown roast on all sides with juniper berries and herbs, 8 to 10 minutes total. Add garlic and sprinkle roast with sea salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper, then cook until garlic is golden, about 1 minute. Pour wine over roast and briskly simmer until reduced by half. Pour milk over roast and bring to a bare simmer.
Cover pot and braise in oven, turning roast occasionally, until tender (milk will form curds), 2 to 2 1/2 hours.
Transfer roast to a carving board and loosely cover. Strain juices through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl (discard solids), reserving pot, and skim off fat. Return juices to pot and boil until flavorful and reduced to about 2 cups. Season with sea salt and pepper. Slice roast and serve moistened with juices.
Brush both sides of nori with sesame oil. Sprinkle nori lightly with salt. Grill nori until edges begin to curl, about 5 seconds per side. Pile sheets on work surface. Using scissors, cut nori lengthwise in half. Cut each half crosswise into 4 rectangles.
Preheat oven to 425°F.
On a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin roll out pastry into a 10- by 5-inch rectangle and cut in half to form two squares. On a baking sheet arrange squares about 2 inches apart.
Cut banana diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Sprinkle pastry squares evenly with chocolate, leaving a 1/2-inch border on all sides, and arrange banana slices decoratively over chocolate. Top banana slices with pecans, sugar, and butter and chill 10 minutes, or until pastry is firm.
Bake tarts in middle of oven 10 to 15 minutes, or until pastry is golden brown and cooked through, and cool slightly on a rack.
Preheat oven to 350°F. and butter a 10-cup bundt pan or other tube pan.
In a food processor pulse hazelnuts until finely ground.
In a double boiler or a bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water melt chocolate, stirring until smooth. Remove top of double boiler or bowl from heat and cool chocolate slightly.
In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat butter with 1/2 cup sugar until light and fluffy and beat in chocolate. Add yolks, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in hazelnuts and flour.
In another bowl with cleaned beaters beat whites with salt at medium speed until white, opaque, and beginning to hold their shape. Gradually add remaining 1/2 cup sugar, beating at high speed until whites hold soft (not stiff), slightly glossy peaks.
Stir one fourth whites into chocolate mixture to lighten and fold in remaining whites gently but thoroughly until no streaks remain.
Pour batter into pan and smooth top. Bake cake in middle of oven 35 to 45 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean. Invert cake onto a rack. After 5 minutes remove pan but leave cake on rack until cooled completely. With cake on rack set over a pan (to catch the drips), pour chocolate glaze over cake, allowing it to drip down outside and center.
While glaze is still wet (to avoid cracking), transfer cake to a platter. When glaze is set, cover cake loosely with plastic wrap or keep under cake dome at room temperature until ready to serve.
If cake is kept more than 1 day (before or after serving), it should be wrapped in plastic wrap and frozen. Bring cake to room temperature before serving.
In a small bowl whisk together the mayonnaise, the shallots, the cornichons, the olives, the tarragon, the vinegar, and the Tabasco until the tartar sauce is combined well. (The sauce may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled).
Preheat oven to 400°F. Place the ancho chiles and boiling water in a bowl and allow to stand for 10–15 minutes or until soft. Drain and roughly chop the chiles, reserving the liquid. Set aside.
Place the breadcrumbs and milk in a large bowl and mix well to combine. Set aside for 5 minutes or until the milk is absorbed. Add the beef, egg, garlic, cilantro, coriander seeds, salt and pepper and mix well to combine. Using wet hands, roll tablespoon-portions of the mixture into balls.
Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large, shallow, heavy-based ovenproof saucepan over medium heat. Cook the meatballs in batches, turning frequently, for 5–7 minutes or until browned. Remove the meatballs from the pan and set aside. Add 1 tablespoon of the oil, onion and extra garlic to the pan and cook for 5–7 minutes or until lightly golden. Add the tomato paste, sugar and vinegar and cook for 1 minute. Add the beef stock, tomatoes, beans, reserved chopped chile, reserved soaking liquid, paprika, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, return the meatballs to the pan and transfer to the oven. Bake for 15–20 minutes or until the sauce is reduced and the meatballs are cooked through.
Place the chorizo in a food processor and process until finely chopped. Heat the remaining oil in a medium non-stick frying pan over high heat. Add the chorizo and cook, stirring frequently, for 5–6 minutes or until golden and crispy. Serve the meatballs with steamed rice and top with the crispy chorizo and sour cream.
Bring zest, sugar, and 1/2 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Let cool; cover and chill at least 2 hours. Strain syrup into a small jar or bowl.
For each cocktail, muddle 1 piece of orange, a small handful mint sprigs, 1 ounce orange syrup, and a few dashes orange bitters in a double Old Fashioned glass or a julep cup. Add 2 ounces bourbon and stir to combine. Fill glass with crushed ice and garnish with more mint.
Fry bacon in heavy large skillet over medium heat until brown and crisp. Transfer to paper towels and drain. Season chicken with salt and pepper and sauté until just cooked through, about 6 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to plate. Add onions to skillet and sauté until beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons drippings from skillet. Add broth, wine, prunes, gravy and thyme. Cover skillet and simmer until onions are just tender, about 6 minutes. Uncover, increase heat to high and boil until sauce coats spoon, about 10 minutes. Return chicken and any juices to skillet. Simmer until chicken is heated through, about 2 minutes. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Reheat gently before serving.) Arrange chicken on platter. Spoon sauce over. Crumble bacon over top of chicken and serve.
Cook linguine in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain, reserving 1 cup pasta cooking liquid.
Meanwhile, heat extra-virgin olive oil in large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic; sauté until golden, about 1 minute. Add grated lemon peel to skillet and cook 20 seconds. Remove skillet from heat.
Add linguine to skillet with garlic and lemon peel. Return skillet to medium heat; mix in parsley. Add 1/2 cup pasta cooking liquid and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Toss until heated through, adding more cooking liquid to moisten if dry.
Puree raspberries in syrup in processor. Strain puree; discard seeds. Beat whipping cream and sugar in medium bowl until stiff peaks form. Drizzle raspberry puree over cream. Using knife, swirl raspberry puree into cream just until marbled in appearance. (Can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill.)
Stir wine, soda, orange juice, 8 lime slices, 8 lemon slices, orange slices, brandy, sugar, Cointreau, grenadine, lemon juice and lime juice in large pitcher to combine. Let stand 30 minutes.
Fill 8 large wineglasses with ice cubes. Divide sangria among glasses. Garnish each glass with remaining lime and lemon slices and serve.
Blend flour, sugar and salt in processor. Add shortening and butter and blend, using on/off turns, until coarse meal forms. Add 3 tablespoons ice water. Blend, using on/off turns, until moist clumps form, adding more water by 1/2 tablespoonfuls if dry. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic and chill at least 1 hour. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Let dough soften slightly at room temperature before rolling out.)
Combine prunes and Cognac in small bowl. Cover; let stand 2 hours, stirring often. Drain prunes, reserving Cognac. Cut prunes in half; set aside. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 12-inch round. Transfer dough to 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Fold overhang in and press, forming double-thick sides; refrigerate crust 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Mix apples, sugar and 2 tablespoons butter in large bowl. Arrange apple wedges, overlapping slightly, in concentric circles in crust. Bake tart until apples are just tender, about 1 hour. Tuck prunes into spaces between apples. Brush fruit with 1 tablespoon butter. Bake tart until apples are very tender and crust is golden brown, about 20 minutes longer. Transfer tart to rack and cool 15 minutes.
Blend 1 tablespoon reserved Cognac into strained preserves for glaze. Brush glaze over warm tart. Cut tart into wedges. Serve warm or at room temperature with ice cream, drizzling some of reserved Cognac over ice cream.
Toast the chipotle in a small skillet over medium heat. Remove the stem and seeds.
Combine the vinegar and toasted chipotle in a small bowl. Set aside to soften.
In a medium pot, cook the bacon in the olive oil over medium-low heat until beginning to crisp. Turn the heat up to medium, add the poblano, onion, carrot, garlic, and Scotch bonnet, and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the vegetables begin to soften, about 4 minutes.
Add the annatto seeds and stir. Then add the chipotle-vinegar mixture, the bay leaf, cumin, and 1 teaspoon pepper, and simmer until almost all of the liquid has evaporated, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the orange juice and simmer until only a small amount of liquid remains, 4 to 6 minutes.
Add the chicken stock and reduce almost to a glaze, about 7 minutes (you'll know it is done when the bubbles start getting bigger). Add the heavy cream and vanilla bean, stir, and simmer for 8 to 10 minutes, until the cream in quite thick. Pass the mixture through a fine-mesh strainer; discard the solids. Reserve.
In a sauté pan, heat the canola oil. Add the plantain, season with salt and pepper, and cook over medium heat, turning occasionally, until dark golden brown on all sides. Transfer to a paper towel to drain.
In a blender, puree the plantain with the strained liquid. If any lumps of plantain remain, strain one more time. Refrigerate until needed; this will keep for 4 or 5 days.
Heat oven to 425°F. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray; spread chips evenly on sheet. In a bowl, combine beans, pepper, corn and cumin; spoon over chips. Top with olives, jalapeños and cheese; bake until cheese melts, 5 to 6 minutes. In same bowl, combine tomato, onion, cilantro and juice; gently mix in avocado. Serve nachos topped with salsa.
Pat pork chops dry and season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a 12-inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté chops until browned on both sides, about 10 minutes total.
Stir together cider and brown sugar and add to skillet. Simmer, uncovered, turning chops once, until meat is almost cooked through, about 3 minutes. Transfer chops to a plate.
Add vinegar and mustard seeds to sauce and boil, stirring to scrape up any brown bits, until reduced to about 1/3 cup, about 5 minutes. Return chops with any juices on plate to skillet and simmer until meat is just cooked through and sauce is slightly thickened, about 2 minutes.
Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium-low. Cook chiles, garlic, and shallots, stirring occasionally, until soft but without taking on color, 10–12 minutes; let cool completely.
Transfer chile mixture to a blender, add butter, and blend to combine. Add scallions, cilantro, parsley, lemon zest, lemon juice, oregano, mustard, paprika, and 2 Tbsp. salt. Pulse to combine. Taste and add more salt if needed.
Chile butter can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill.
Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 350°F. Cook bacon in very large pot over medium-high heat until brown but not yet crisp, stirring often, 8 to 10 minutes. Add smoked sausage, andouille, and tasso. Sauté until meats start to brown in spots, about 10 minutes. Add onions, celery, and bell peppers. Cook until vegetables begin to soften, stirring occasionally, 10 to 12 minutes. Mix in chicken. Cook until outside of chicken turns white, stirring often, 5 to 6 minutes. Mix in paprika, thyme, chili powder, and 1/4 teaspoon cayenne. Cook 1 minute. Add diced tomatoes with chiles and broth; stir to blend well. Add more cayenne, if desired. Mix in rice.
Bring jambalaya to boil. Cover pot. Place in oven and bake until rice is tender and liquids are absorbed, 45 to 48 minutes. Uncover pot. Mix chopped green onions into jambalaya; sprinkle jambalaya with chopped parsley and serve.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Let cool; coarsely chop.
Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in a medium skillet over medium-high. Cook sausage, turning occasionally, until browned on both sides, 3–5 minutes. Transfer to a plate.Meanwhile, whisk horseradish, lemon juice, honey, 1/4 tsp. salt, and 1/8 tsp. pepper in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in remaining 3 Tbsp. oil in a steady stream. Coarsely chop 2 Tbsp. parsley and stir into dressing.Toss romaine, apple, sausage, and remaining parsley in a large serving bowl. Add two-thirds of the dressing and toss to coat; season with salt and pepper if necessary. Top with walnuts and eggs; drizzle with remaining dressing.
Dressing, without parsley, can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill.
In a heavy skillet cook the shallot, the garlic, and the sage in 1 tablespoon of the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until the shallot is softened, add the mushrooms and salt and pepper to taste, and cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, until the mushrooms are tender and all the liquid they give off is evaporated. Add 1/4 cup of the wine, simmer it until it is evaporated, and transfer the mixture to a bowl. Dredge the veal in the seasoned flour, shaking off the excess. In the skillet, cleaned, heat the remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it sauté the veal for 1 minute on each side, or until it is golden. Transfer the veal to a platter and keep it warm.
Add the remaining 1/2 cup wine to the skillet and deglaze the skillet over moderately high heat, stirring and scraping up the brown bits, until the wine is reduced to glaze. Add the broth, boil the liquid until it is reduced by half, and stir in the cream, the mushroom mixture, and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer the sauce until it is thickened slightly, stir in the parsley, and pour the sauce over the veal.
Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Rub bread with cut garlic halves; brush bread with 3 tablespoons oil. Combine remaining 1/3 cup oil, currant tomatoes, and green onions in medium bowl; toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper.
Overlap tomato slices in concentric circles on platter, alternating colors. Scatter onion and celery slices over tomatoes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spoon tomato and green onion mixture over. Sprinkle with crumbled cheese.
Grill bread until golden, about 2 minutes per side. Cut each slice diagonally in half; serve with salad.
In a food processor or blender purée the coriander, the parsley, the garlic, the lemon juice, the paprika, the cumin, the cayenne, 3 tablespoons of the oil, and salt and pepper to taste. In a skillet heat 1 inch of the additional oil to 375°F. on a deep-fat thermometer, dredge the fish in the flour, shaking off the excess, and in the oil fry it, turning it once, for 1-1/2 to 2 minutes on each side, or until it is cooked through. Transfer the fish to paper towels to drain, divide it between 2 plates, and drizzle the sauce over it.
Cut carrots, zucchini and green onions into matchstick-size strips.
Heat vegetable oil in large skillet over high heat. Add 2 tablespoons ginger and 1 1/2 teaspoons garlic; sauté until fragrant, 30 seconds. Add carrots, zucchini, half of green onions and sesame oil; sauté 2 minutes. Add remaining ginger and garlic; sauté until vegetables are crisp-tender, about 1 minute longer. Using slotted spoon, transfer vegetables to bowl.
Reduce heat to medium. Add 1 1/4 cups water, coconut milk, soy sauce and curry paste to same skillet. Stir until smooth. Simmer until sauce is reduced to 1 1/4 cups, about 6 minutes. Add sautéed vegetables and remaining onions.
Meanwhile, cook somen in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 2 minutes. Drain. Transfer to large bowl. Add vegetable mixture. Toss to coat. Sprinkle nuts and mint over.
Preheat oven to 325°F. Combine cream and ginger in heavy medium saucepan. Bring to simmer over medium heat. Remove from heat; let stand 20 minutes. Strain cream into small bowl, pressing on solids in sieve. Whisk yolks and 1 cup sugar in medium bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in warm cream. Divide custard among eight 3/4-cup ramekins or custard cups. Place ramekins in large roasting pan. Pour enough warm water into pan to come halfway up sides of ramekins.
Bake custards just until set in center when pan is gently shaken, about 45 minutes. Remove custards from water bath; chill uncovered until cold, at least 3 hours. Cover and chill overnight.
Preheat broiler. Place custards on baking sheet. Sprinkle each with 1/2 teaspoon of remaining sugar. Broil until sugar melts and caramelizes, turning sheet for even browning, about 1 minute. Refrigerate custards until topping is cold and brittle, about 1 hour and up to 2 hours. Garnish custards with strawberries and mint and serve.
In a blender blend at high speed the bananas, the pineapple juice, the orange juice, the yogurt, and the honey until the mixture is smooth and frothy and divide the mixture among chilled glasses.
Prick bratwurst in several places with a knife and place in a large skillet. Add oil and half of beer, then add water until liquid comes a little over halfway up sides of sausages. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook, turning once, until just barely cooked through, 12–15 minutes.
Increase heat to medium-high; cook until liquid is evaporated, 5–10 minutes. Roll sausages to edge of skillet and add onion to center. Cook, turning sausages often and stirring onion occasionally, until sausages are browned and onion is soft, 5–8 minutes. Transfer sausages to a plate.
Add cabbage and beet to skillet; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring often, until cabbage is wilted, about 5 minutes. Add vinegar, brown sugar, allspice, and remaining beer. Cover; cook until tender, 20–25 minutes. Serve sausages with cabbage mixture, topped with horseradish.
Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Butter 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Dust pan with cocoa powder. Tap out excess. Wrap outside of pan with heavy-duty foil.
Place prunes in small bowl. Pour 1 cup prune juice over. Set aside to macerate 15 minutes.
Melt margarine in heavy medium saucepan over low heat. Add chocolate and whisk until smooth. Remove from heat. Add 3/4 cup cocoa powder and whisk until smooth. Mix in walnuts and prune mixture. Cool to lukewarm.
Using electric mixer, beat eggs, yolks, sugar and salt in large bowl at medium speed until well blended and just beginning to foam, about 1 minute. Add chocolate mixture and stir until well blended. Transfer batter to prepared springform pan. Set springform pan into large baking pan. Pour enough hot water into baking pan to come halfway up sides of springform pan. Set baking pan in oven and bake cake until top looks dry and crusty and tester inserted into center comes out with some moist crumbs attached, about 1 hour 5 minutes. Cool cake in pan on rack 30 minutes. Place in refrigerator uncovered and chill overnight.
Bring juice and margarine to boil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Remove from heat. Add chocolate and whisk until smooth. Cool until thick but still pourable, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes.
Line baking sheet with foil. Dip walnuts halfway into glaze. Arrange on prepared sheet and refrigerate until chocolate is set.
Meanwhile, using small sharp knife, cut around sides of cake to loosen. Release pan sides. Set cake on rack. Pour glaze over cake and spread to coat completely. Arrange walnuts, chocolate half at outer edge, around top cake. Refrigerate until glaze is completely set, at least 3 hours. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cover loosely with foil or cake dome and keep refrigerated.) Cut cake into wedges and serve.
Peel, quarter, and core apple, then cut into 1/4-inch-thick wedges.
Heat oil in a 5-quart pot over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté onion, stirring occasionally, until golden. Add apple and curry powder and sauté, stirring, until apple is almost tender, about 2 minutes.
Add kale and water and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until kale is tender and most of liquid is evaporated, about minutes.
Season with salt.
To clean the mushrooms, wash in a bowl of cold water, gently tossing so as not to bruise them. Repeat 2 times. Using a paring knife, trim the ends and scrape the stems, removing the outer layer. Let dry thoroughly on paper towels at room temperature or uncovered in your refrigerator—this could take up to a couple of hours and can be done the day before.
In a large sauté pan over high heat, heat the 1 teaspoon oil. Add the mushrooms and cook until browned. Reduce the heat to medium and add the port, scraping up any brown bits on the bottom. Reduce until the liquid is a syrupy consistency, about 10 minutes.
In a food processor fitted with a steel blade, puree the chicken cubes and livers; slowly add the egg whites, then the cream. Mix until thoroughly combined. Pass the poultry puree through a fine-mesh strainer into a bowl. Roughly chop the cooled mushrooms and add (with any residual juice) to the bowl with the poultry puree.
Preheat the oven to 325°F. Season the quail inside and out with salt.
Scoop the poultry puree into a pastry piping bag fitted with a 1/2-inch round tip or a large plastic storage bag with one 1/2-inch corner snipped. Pipe puree into each quail body and tie the legs together with butcher's twine.
Heat a large cast-iron or heavy-bottomed ovenproof sauté pan over medium heat. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and brown the quail on all sides. You may need to work in batches. Transfer the pan to the oven (use two pans or transfer to a large roasting pan if necessary) and roast the quail for 30 minutes, or until a meat thermometer inserted in the center of the quail registers 155°F. Let rest in the pan for 5 minutes before serving.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly butter 8-inch square baking pan. Stir 1/2 cup butter and chocolate in heavy medium saucepan over medium-low heat until melted and smooth. Remove from heat; mix in coffee powder. Add sugar, flour, eggs and vanilla and blend well. Mix in walnuts. Spoon batter into prepared pan.
Bake brownies until tester inserted into center comes out with a few moist crumbs attached, about 20 minutes (center should be slightly underbaked). Cool in pan on rack 30 minutes. Cut into large squares and serve.
In a heavy kettle cook the onions in the oil over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour, or until they are golden brown. Stir in the cider, the broth, the water, the brandy, and salt and pepper to taste and simmer the soup, uncovered, for 20 minutes. Arrange the toast slices on a baking sheet, sprinkle the Roquefort on them, and broil the croutons under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat until the cheese begins to melt. Ladle the soup into heated bowls and float a Roquefort crouton in each serving.
Beat the egg with the sugar and salt and pour into a 10-ounce highball glass. Add vanilla and milk and stir to mix. Grate a little nutmeg on top.
In a heavy skillet cook the onion in 1/4 cup of the oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until it is golden, add the spinach, and cook the mixture, stirring, until it is combined well. Remove the skillet from the heat, stir in the Feta and the dill, and let the filling cool.
Lay 1 sheet of the phyllo with a long side facing you on a work surface and brush it lightly with some of the remaining 1/4 cup oil. Lay another sheet and brush it lightly with some of the remaining oil. With a sharp knife cut the sheets lengthwise into thirds and cut each length crosswise into fifths, making 15 sections, each approximately 4 x 3 1/2 inches. Put a level teaspoon of the filling in the center of each phyllo section. Working with 1 section at a time gather the corners of th phyllo over the filling and twist the phyllo gently. Transfer the pastries to an oiled jelly-roll pan and make pastries with the remaining phyllo, oil, and filling, in the same manner. Bake the pastries in the lower third of a preheated 375°F. oven for 25 minutes, or until they are golden. The pastries may be baked 1 day in advance and kept covered loosely with plastic wrap and chilled. Reheat the pastries in a 375°F. oven for 10 minutes, or until they are heated through.
1. Combine the olive oil with the Bouquet Garni in a shallow, heavy-bottomed pan large enough to hold the salmon in a single layer over very low heat until the oil reaches 150°F on an instant-read thermometer.
2. Add the salmon and cook, at a constant temperature, for about 5 minutes or just until the salmon has begun to firm up. Using a slotted spatula, lift the salmon from the pan and place on a double layer of paper towels to drain.
3. Place a small mound of micro arugula in the center of each of four plates. Lay a piece of salmon on top of the greens on each plate. Sprinkle sel de Guerande over the salmon. Drizzle a teaspoon of balsamic vinegar over the salad and salmon on each plate and serve.
Bring all ingredients to a boil in a 2- to 3-quart saucepan, then simmer, covered, until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed, 50 minutes to 1 hour.
Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add onions; sauté until golden, about 7 minutes. Add garlic and stir 1 minute. Stir in chili sauce, preserves, cherry cola, brown sugar, and vinegar; bring to simmer, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer uncovered until reduced to 4 cups, stirring often to prevent scorching, about 50 minutes. Stir in 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce. Season to taste with salt and pepper and more hot pepper sauce, if desired. Transfer to bowl and cool completely. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 weeks ahead. Cover and refrigerate.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Arrange wings in large roasting pan. Roast until deep brown, turning once, about 2 hours total.
Transfer wings to large bowl. Spoon 3 tablespoons turkey fat from roasting pan into large pot (reserve roasting pan). Add onion, carrot, and celery to pot. Sauté over medium-high heat until vegetables are golden, about 20 minutes. Add turkey wings to pot. Add 2 cups water to roasting pan; place over 2 burners and bring to boil, scraping up browned bits. Add liquid to pot. Add remaining ingredients and enough cold water to cover wings by 1 inch.
Bring water to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer uncovered until stock is very flavorful and reduced to 7 1/2 to 8 cups, about 2 1/2 hours. Strain stock into large bowl. Cool 1 hour, then chill until cold, about 3 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and keep chilled. (Can also be made and frozen 2 weeks ahead.) Spoon off fat from surface before using.
Combine broth, chicken pieces, neck, gizzard and heart in large pot. Bring to boil. Reduce heat; cover partially and simmer until chicken is cooked through, about 20 minutes. Using tongs, remove chicken pieces and giblets from broth. Cool slightly. Remove skin from breasts and leg-thigh pieces. Cut enough chicken meat to measure 1 cup. Reserve remaining cooked chicken for another use. Strain broth into large bowl. Chill broth until fat solidifies on surface, about 6 hours. (Broth can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled.) Scrape fat from surface of broth and discard.
Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium-low heat. Add onions, carrots, celery, garlic, and thyme. Cover; cook until vegetables soften, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Add broth and bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer until vegetables are almost tender, about 15 minutes. Add saffron. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to boil before continuing.) Add noodles; simmer 5 minutes. Add 1 cup chicken and corn; simmer until noodles are tender, about 5 minutes. Add parsley and celery. Season with salt and pepper.
1. Place 2 tablespoons diced fruit, 1 tablespoon citrus fruit, and some herb leaves in a glass.
2. Crush with a spoon or muddler.
3. Add 2 tablespoons syrup, or to taste.
4. Fill glass with crushed ice.
5. Mix in spirits.
6. Top with sparkling water or club soda.
Pineapple, lemon, mint, citrus syrup, vodka
Mango, lime, ginger syrup, gin
Watermelon, orange, rum
Kiwi, grapefruit, tequila
Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle.
Toss bell peppers with 1 tablespoon oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a 17-by 11-inch 4-sided sheet pan. Roast, turning once, until softened, 25 to 30 minutes.
While bell peppers roast, heat 3 tablespoons oil with garlic in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until oil is hot. Add one third of squash with 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper and cook, turning once, until just tender (do not overcook), 6 to 8 minutes total. Transfer cooked squash with garlic to a tray using a slotted spoon. Cook remaining squash in 2 batches with salt and pepper in same manner, using another tablespoon oil if necessary and transferring squash to tray.
Add 1 tablespoon oil to skillet and cook onions with 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper, stirring occasionally, until just tender, 16 to 18 minutes. Add vinegar and briskly simmer until liquid has evaporated. Cool to room temperature.
Flip bottom of springform pan so lip is facing down (to make torte easier to slide off), then lock in place. Lightly oil pan. Layer one third of squash with garlic in pan, slightly overlapping. Sprinkle with some of grated cheese and basil. Layer half of bell peppers over squash, then half of onions and more cheese and basil. Repeat with half of remaining squash and all of remaining onions, then all remaining bell peppers, sprinkling with remaining cheese and basil. Arrange a final layer of squash on top.
Put springform pan in a small baking pan and cover springform with plastic wrap. Place a small plate (to just fit inside springform) on top of vegetables, then weight with 2 or 3 heavy (15-to 19-ounces) cans. Chill until cold, at least 6 hours (torte will release liquid).
Remove weights, plate, and plastic wrap. Remove torte from pan and put on a plate. Blot any excess moisture. Bring torte to room temperature and cut into wedges.
Heat olive oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic and stir 30 seconds. Add bell peppers, zucchini, squash, and onion and sauté until crisp-tender, about 8 minutes. Mix in cumin and sauté until vegetables are tender, about 2 minutes longer. Season with salt and pepper. Place beans in large bowl; mash coarsely with fork. Mix in vegetables and cheese.
Place tortillas on work surface. Spoon 1/4 of filling down center of each. Sprinkle each with 1 tablespoon cilantro. Roll up tortillas, enclosing filling. Arrange wraps, seam side down, on baking sheet. (Can be made 1 hour ahead. Let stand at room temperature.)
Preheat oven to 350°F. Cover wraps with foil. Bake until filling is just heated through, about 10 minutes. Cut each wrap into 2 or 3 sections.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Rub pork with oil; season generously with salt and pepper and rub with fennel seeds, anise seeds, and red pepper flakes, pressing to adhere.
Place pork roast, fat side up, on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until deeply browned and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 135°F, 60–70 minutes.
Transfer to a cutting board; let pork rest at least 10 minutes before slicing.
DO AHEAD: Pork can be seasoned 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.
Mash 1/2 cup blackberries with fork in small bowl. Puree remaining berries in processor. Pour puree into strainer set over bowl, pressing on solids to extract as much liquid as possible. Discard solids in strainer. Whisk preserves and mashed berries into puree. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.)
Sprinkle meat with thyme and salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large deep skillet over high heat. Add 1/3 of meat and stir just until meat is no longer pink, about 1 1/2 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer meat to medium bowl. Repeat with remaining meat in 2 batches.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet. Add onion and sauté over medium-high heat until brown, about 8 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer onion to bowl with meat. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to skillet, then mushrooms and garlic. Cover and cook until mushrooms are tender, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes. Uncover and cook until liquid evaporates, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle mushrooms with 2 tablespoons flour; stir 1 minute. Return meat and onions with accumulated juices to skillet. Add tomatoes, broth, and cayenne; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer uncovered until meat is tender, about 5 minutes.
Serve beef-mushroom mixture over egg noodles. Sprinkle with parsley.
Put potatoes and 2 teaspoons salt in a large heavy saucepan and generously cover with cold water (about 2 1/2 quarts). Bring to a boil, then reduce heat, and simmer, partially covered, until potatoes are tender, 15 to 20 minutes.
While potatoes are boiling, heat 3/4 cup milk and 3 tablespoons butter in a small saucepan until butter is melted and milk is hot but not boiling. Keep warm off heat, covered.
Drain potatoes well in a sieve or colander and return to hot saucepan. Add milk mixture, Fontina, and pepper, and mash with a potato masher or fork to desired consistency. Season with salt and keep warm, covered.
Bring a pot of well-salted water to a boil, then add cauliflower and garlic and simmer until cauliflower is very tender, 13 to 15 minutes.
Drain cauliflower in a colander and pulse with remaining 1/2 cup milk, 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano, and 3 tablespoons butter in a food processor until it's a chunky purée.
Stir together mashed potatoes and cauliflower mixture in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a buttered 3-quart flameproof shallow baking dish (not glass).
Heat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter and gently brush over potato-cauliflower mixture, then sprinkle evenly with remaining 1/4 to 1/2 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano (to taste). Bake until potato mixture bubbles around edges, about 20 minutes.
Turn on broiler and broil 6 to 8 inches from heat until topping is browned in spots, 1 to 2 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter large roasting pan with 1 tablespoon butter. Arrange squash pieces, skin side up, in prepared roasting pan. Add parsnips and 1/4 cup water to pan. Cover pan with foil; bake until vegetables are very tender, about 50 minutes. Cool vegetables.
Meanwhile, melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium-low heat. Add onion and thyme; sauté until onion is tender and golden, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat.
Scrape squash pulp into processor (discard peels); add parsnips and onion mixture. Puree until smooth. Mix in broth. Transfer mixture to heavy large saucepan. Whisk in half and half. Bring to simmer. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Rewarm before serving.)
In a medium saucepan, combine the milk and cream. Break up the cinnamon stick into several pieces and toss them into the pan. Scald the milk mixture over medium-high heat (bubbles start to form around the edge of the pan, but the liquid is not boiling). Remove from the heat and let the cinnamon steep in the milk mixture for about 1 hour.
In a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks until blended, and then slowly whisk in the honey, sugar, and ground cinnamon until combined. Return the milk mixture to medium-high heat and scald again. Slowly add the hot milk mixture to the egg-honey mixture, a little at a time, whisking constantly. When all of the hot milk mixture has been incorporated, return the contents of the bowl to the saucepan, and return the saucepan to medium heat. Cook, stirring continuously with a wooden spoon, for 6 to 8 minutes, or until the mixture thickens and coats the back of the spoon. The mixture will seem watery at first, then it will start to steam, and then it will start to develop a little body and get thicker. Remove from the heat and immediately strain through a fine-mesh sieve into an airtight container. Whisk in the salt. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or until cold, or up to overnight.
Churn in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturer's directions.
When the ice cream has finished churning, freeze it for at least 2 hours to allow it to ripen. During the ripening process, the ice cream becomes harder and smoother and the flavors more fully develop. The ice cream can be stored in an airtight container in the freezer for up to 1 week.
Preheat oven to 325°F. Arrange bread slices on baking sheet. Brush olive oil over both sides of bread. Bake bread until golden, about 6 minutes per side. Remove toasts from oven. Rub cut sides of garlic over toasts.
Combine seeded plum tomatoes and fresh lemon juice in medium bowl. Season with generous amount of salt and pepper. Toss tomatoes to combine. (Toasts and tomatoes can be prepared 1 hour ahead. Cover separately and keep at room temperature.)
Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread goat cheese over toasts; arrange on baking sheet. Mound tomatoes on toasts, dividing equally. Bake until heated through, about 8 minutes. Transfer bruschetta to platter. Sprinkle with mint.
Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Stir mustard and wasabi in medium bowl to blend. Mix in chives, Sherry and ginger. Add fish; stir gently to coat. Let stand at room temperature 15 minutes.
Brush grill rack with oil. Thread fish on skewers alternately with bell pepper squares. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until fish is just opaque in center and peppers are slightly charred, turning occasionally, about 8 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350°F. and grease and flour a 10-inch (3-quart) bundt pan, knocking out excess flour.
Into a large bowl sift together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt. In a small bowl stir together bananas and sour cream. In another large bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter and sugars until light and fluffy and add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in coffee extract (or espresso) and vanilla. Beat in flour mixture in batches alternately with banana mixture, beginning and ending with flour mixture, until batter is just combined.
Spoon batter into pan and bake in middle of oven 50 minutes, or until a cake tester comes out clean and cake pulls away from side of pan. Cool cake in pan 10 minutes and invert onto a rack to cool completely. Let cake stand, wrapped tightly, at room temperature overnight.
Dust cake with confectioners' sugar.
Mix all ingredients in small bowl to blend. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.)
Place guajillo and chipotle chiles in a large heatproof bowl and pour in boiling water to cover. Let chiles soak until softened, 40–45 minutes; drain.
Grind nigella seeds and coriander seeds in a spice mill or with a mortar and pestle. Transfer to a food processor and add garlic, cumin, salt, and Aleppo pepper and pulse until garlic is very finely chopped. Add chiles and pulse until they are chopped. Add oil and vinegar and pulse just until incorporated (mixture should have the texture of a coarse paste).
Harissa can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill.
Blend flour, sugar, and salt in processor 5 seconds. Add butter. Using on/off turns, cut in until very coarse meal forms. Add 3 tablespoons ice water. Blend until moist clumps form, adding more ice water by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Gather dough into ball; flatten into disk. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill 1 hour. DO AHEAD: Dough can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. Soften briefly at room temperature before rolling.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface to 12- to 13-inch round. Transfer dough to 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. Cut off all but 1/2 inch of overhang and fold in, pressing sides of dough to come 1/4 to 1/3 inch higher than pan sides. Freeze crust until firm, about 10 minutes.
Line crust with foil and dried beans or pie weights. Bake until sides are set, about 25 minutes. Remove foil and beans. Continue to bake until crust is pale golden, piercing with fork if crust bubbles, 12 to 15 minutes longer. Cool 30 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350°F.
Scatter breadcrumbs on small rimmed baking sheet. Bake until dry and crisp, about 10 minutes. Set aside.
Combine golden syrup, eggs, whipping cream, lemon peel, molasses, and salt in large bowl; whisk to blend. Stir in apples and breadcrumbs. Pour filling into crust.
Bake tart until filling is set in center and cracks appear at edges, about 55 minutes. Cool in pan on rack.
Stir crème fraîhe, sugar, and Calvados in small bowl to blend well. Cover mixture and refrigerate until ready to use, up to 3 hours.
Gently push up tart pan bottom to release tart. Serve tart slightly warm or at room temperature with a dollop of Calvados crème fraîche.
Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium heat and cook 2 thinly sliced large onions, stirring often and adding water as needed to prevent burning, until deep golden brown and very soft, 20-25 minutes.
Gently mix 1/4 small onion, finely chopped, 1 pound ground beef chuck (20% fat), 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, and 1 teaspoon kosher salt in a medium bowl. Divide into 4 portions and press each between 2 pieces of parchment or waxed paper until about 1/4 " thick (you want them roughly the same dimensions as the bread you're using).
Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium-high. Working in 2 batches, cook patties, pressing gently, until browned but still pink in the center, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Do ahead: Patties can be formed 8 hours ahead. Cover and chill.
Wipe out skillet; reduce heat to medium. Top 4 slices seeded rye bread with 4 ounces thinly sliced aged sharp cheddar, then patties, onions, 4 ounces thinly sliced Swiss cheese, and another 4 slices bread; spread tops with 1 teaspoon mayonnaise each. Cook, mayo side down and weighted with a foil-covered heavy pan, until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove pan; spread top of each melt with 1 teaspoon mayonnaise. Flip; weight with pan. Cook until bread is golden brown and cheese is melted, about 3 minutes.
Preheat oven to 450°F.
Cut off top third of each apple and reserve. Scoop out seeds and some of flesh from apples using a melon-ball cutter or round teaspoon measure to form a cavity (do not puncture bottoms). Stand apples in a buttered baking dish just large enough to hold them.
Heat remaining ingredients in a small saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, until sugar is dissolved. Pour some of syrup into cavity of each apple and remainder into baking dish. Return apple tops to apples and cover dish loosely with foil.
Bake in middle of oven until apples are tender, 25 to 30 minutes.
In a bowl combine the frisée, the radicchio, and the pears. In a small bowl whisk together the vinegar, the mustard, and salt and pepper to taste, add the oils in a stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. Toss the salad with the dressing, divide it among 8 salad plates, and sprinkle each serving with some of the hazelnuts.
Toast the hazelnuts in one layer in a baking pan in a preheated 350°F. oven for 10 to 15 minutes, or until they are colored lightly and the skins blister. Wrap the nuts in a kitchen towel and let them steam for 1 minute. Rub the nuts in the towel to remove the skins and let them cool.
Place first 5 ingredients in heavy large saucepan. Add enough water just to cover ham hocks. Season with pepper. Reduce heat and simmer until ham is very tender, turning occasionally, about 3 hours. Remove ham from bone and shred. Discard bones and fat. Transfer 4 cups ham to large bowl (reserve any remainder for another use).
Combine sour cream, mayonnaise, chopped cilantro and cumin in medium bowl. Add celery, carrots, green onions, chilies and 3/4 cup sour cream dressing to ham and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover ham mixture and remaining dressing separately and chill.)
Place 2 large lettuce leaves on each plate. Thinly slice remaining lettuce. Sprinkle sliced lettuce atop whole leaves in center of plate. Mound ham filling in avocado halves. Place atop bed of lettuce. Spoon enough remaining dressing over to cover filling completely. Garnish with cilantro sprigs and lime.
Let turkey stand at room temperature 30 minutes.
Prepare barbecue (medium heat) for indirect grilling. If using charcoal grill, light briquettes in chimney. Remove top grill rack. Place briquettes at left and right sides of bottom rack, leaving center empty (you may need to light additional briquettes in chimney to replenish during grilling time). Replace top grill rack. If using 3-burner gas grill, light burners on left and right, leaving center burner off. If using 2-burner gas grill, light burner on just 1 side.
Toast fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in medium skillet over medium heat until fragrant and fennel seeds begin to darken, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour spices into spice grinder or small coffee mill; cool. Grind spices finely. Transfer to small bowl; mix in coarse salt.
Brush turkey all over with oil. Sprinkle inside and out with spice mixture. Spread carrots, celery, parsnips, onion, and thyme in 13x9x2-inch metal roasting pan. Place turkey, breast side down, on vegetables.
Place pan with turkey on rack over unlit portion of grill. Cover grill. Insert stem of instant-read thermometer into hole in hood and maintain temperature as close as possible to 350°F by opening vents to increase temperature and closing vents to reduce temperature. Cook turkey 1 hour. Rotate pan. Using oven mitts, turn turkey, breast side up. Cover grill and continue cooking turkey until instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 165°F, covering any parts of turkey that are browning too quickly with foil, about 1 1/2 hours longer.
Transfer turkey to platter. Tent with foil and let rest 30 to 45 minutes (internal temperature will rise 5 to 10 degrees).
Strain pan juices into large measuring cup, pressing to extract as much liquid as possible. Spoon off fat that rises to surface into 1-cup measuring cup and, if necessary, add enough butter to fat to measure 1/2 cup. Add enough chicken broth to degreased juices to measure 4 cups.
Heat turkey fat in large saucepan over medium-low heat. Whisk in flour. Cook roux until deep golden brown (like dark peanut butter), whisking often, about 20 minutes. Gradually whisk in broth mixture. Boil until gravy thickens enough to coat spoon, whisking often, about 5 minutes. Whisk in vinegar and thyme. Season gravy to taste with coarse salt and pepper.
Serve turkey with gravy.
1. Heat a wok over high heat for 30 seconds. Add the peanut oil and onions, and cook for 7 minutes, stirring and turning the onions often to prevent burning and to ensure even browning. Reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring often, for 15 minutes more, or until the onions turn light brown.
Turn off the heat. Strain the oil through a fine-mesh strainer into a heatproof bowl, pressing the onions with a ladle as they drain. Allow the oil to cool to room temperature. Set the fried onions aside to cool. Pour the cooled oil into a sterilized glass jar and close tightly. The oil will keep at room temperature for 1 week or refrigerated for up to 3 months. Transfer the fried onions to a plastic container, cover, and refrigerate. They will keep for up to 3 months.
Preheat oven to 450°F. Set a rack inside a large roasting pan. Pat turkey dry with paper towels. Rub bird inside and out with salt and pepper.
Place turkey on the rack in the pan. Using a fork, mix butter, lemon zest, rosemary, sage, and thyme in a small bowl. Rub herb butter over top of turkey and inside cavity.
Place onion, orange, and lemon inside turkey cavity. Tuck tips of wings under bird (this prevents them from burning during the long roasting time). Pour 4 cups water into pan. Roast turkey, uncovered, for 30 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 325°F. Baste turkey with pan juices; add more water if needed to maintain at least 1/4" liquid in the bottom of roasting pan. Continue roasting turkey, basting every 30 minutes and tenting with foil if skin is turning too dark, until an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of the thigh without touching bone registers 165°F (juices should run clear when thermometer is removed), about 2 3/4 hours total.
Transfer turkey to a platter. Tent with foil and let rest for 1 hour before carving.
Mix mayonnaise, chili-garlic sauce, and 1 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice in small bowl. Cover and refrigerate chili mayonnaise.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add bell pepper, celery, onion, and jalapeño; sauté 3 minutes. Transfer to large bowl. Mix in crab, egg, 1/2 cup chili mayonnaise, and remaining 2 teaspoons lemon juice, then 1 1/2 cups breadcrumbs. Form crab mixture into eight 1/2-inch-thick cakes, using 1/2 cup for each. Dredge cakes in remaining 3 1/2 cups breadcrumbs, turning to coat. Place on baking sheet. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 8 hours.
Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, add crab cakes and cook until golden brown and cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to plates. Serve, passing remaining chili mayonnaise separately.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 11x7x2-inch glass baking dish. Combine next 5 ingredients in large bowl; toss well. Spread evenly in prepared dish.
Whisk first 5 ingredients in large bowl. Stir in next 5 ingredients. Spoon topping over filling. Bake cobbler until topping is golden brown and juices from filling are bubbling thickly at edges, about 50 minutes. Serve cobbler warm with ice cream or whipped cream.
Preheat oven to 450°F and coat inside of a 13- by 9-inch glass or ceramic baking or gratin dish with 1 tablespoon butter. Cut 2 thin slices from each lemon half and squeeze juice from remaining lemon.
Mash together remaining 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, and shallot and season well with salt and pepper. Sprinkle dish with remaining juice.
Cook lettuce in a large pot of salted boiling water 1 minute. Immediately transfer with tongs to a bowl of ice water to cool. Drain lettuce and cut out ribs, leaving top 1 inch of leaves intact.
Spread out 1 lettuce leaf lengthwise on a work surface. Place another leaf on first leaf, overlapping enough to cover any holes (use 2 extra leaves if necessary). Season 1 piece halibut with salt and pepper and place crosswise in center of lettuce. Spread top of fish with one fourth of shallot butter. Wrap lettuce over fish to form a packet (don’t worry if ends aren’t covered by lettuce) and transfer to baking dish. Make 3 more packets in same manner, arranging them close together in baking dish.
Top each packet with a lemon slice. Cover packets with a sheet of wax or parchment paper, then tightly cover dish with foil.
Bake in middle of oven until centers of packets are just firm to the touch, 15 to 20 minutes, depending on thickness of fish. Serve with pan juices poured over packets.
Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin into a 13-inch round (1/8 inch thick), then fit into a 9-inch metal pie plate. Trim edge, leaving a 1/2-inch overhang, then fold overhang under and crimp edge decoratively. Chill shell 30 minutes.
While shell chills, put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F.
Whisk together eggs, sour cream, vanilla, 1 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons flour, nutmeg, and salt in a bowl until smooth. Peel and core apples, then cut into wedges slightly less than 1/4 inch thick. Arrange apples in pie shell, then pour sour cream mixture evenly over them, coating all apples.
Bake pie 15 minutes, then reduce oven temperature to 350°F and bake until filling is puffed and golden and apples are tender, 45 to 50 minutes.
While pie bakes, stir together remaining 1/3 cup sugar, remaining 1/3 cup flour, cinnamon, and a pinch of salt in a bowl, then blend in butter with your fingertips until mixture forms small clumps.
Remove pie from oven and increase oven temperature to 400°F. Crumble topping evenly over top and bake until sugar is melted, about 10 minutes. Cool pie on a rack at least 45 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Combine sugar, lime juice, chopped mint and ginger in heavy large saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves and syrup comes to simmer. Simmer syrup 2 minutes. Remove from heat and cool completely. Strain syrup into small bowl, pressing lightly on solids; discard solids. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead. Cover and refrigerate.)
Pour 3 tablespoons syrup, then 3/4 cup sparkling water into each of 6 tall glasses. Stir to blend. Mix in additional syrup or sparkling water to taste. Top each with 1 scoop vanilla ice cream. Garnish sodas with lime slices and mint sprigs, if desired, and serve.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix all ingredients in medium bowl until well blended. Press mixture onto bottom (not sides) of 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Bake crust until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Cool crust while preparing filling. Maintain oven temperature.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chopped onion and bell pepper and sauté 2 minutes. Add mushrooms and sauté until liquid evaporates and mushrooms begin to brown, about 10 minutes. Cool.
Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese, salt and pepper in large bowl until mixture is fluffy. Beat in eggs 1 at a time, then whipping cream. Mix in vegetable mixture, crabmeat, smoked Gouda and chopped parsley.
Pour filling over crust. Place cheesecake on baking sheet. Bake until cake puffs and browns on top but center moves slightly when pan is shaken, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Transfer pan to rack and cool. (Cheesecake can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.)
Run small sharp knife around pan sides to loosen cheesecake. Release pan sides. Transfer cheesecake to platter. Serve cold or at room temperature with baguette slices.
Toss pizza crust, tomatoes, basil and 1/4 cup dressing in large bowl; let stand 5 minutes. Mix in bell pepper, cheese, pepperoni and arugula. Add remaining 1/4 cup dressing; toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper and serve.
Heat oven to 350°. Coat a 10" Bundt pan with cooking spray and dust with 1 tablespoons flour. In a bowl, combine remaining 3 cups flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In another bowl, whisk eggs, buttermilk, oil, orange juice, zest, vanilla and cranberries; stir into flour mixture and pour into pan. Bake until toothpick inserted into cake comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Let rest 15 minutes; transfer cake to wire rack and cool completely. In a bowl, mix confectioner's sugar and orange liqueur until smooth. With a skewer, poke several holes in top of cake and drizzle with glaze.
In blender, combine olive oil, ginger, tarragon, orange juice, zest, salt, and pepper and purée until smooth. In large bowl, combine marinade and pheasant and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate overnight or up to 48 hours.
In very large Dutch oven over moderately high heat, heat olive oil until hot but not smoking. Remove pheasant pieces from marinade, scraping off excess, and sprinkle with salt and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Working in batches, sear pheasant pieces until well browned, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to paper towel-lined platter to drain.
Preheat oven to 325°F. Skim off all but 1 tablespoon oil from pan, leaving browned bits at bottom, and set pan over moderately low heat. Add butter and heat until melted. Stir in onions, bay leaf, fennel seeds, salt, remaining 1/2 teaspoon pepper, and sugar. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are well caramelized, 30 to 40 minutes.
Return pheasant to pot. Add chicken broth, cider, and wine. (Liquid should cover half of pheasant pieces. Add more chicken broth if necessary.) Raise heat to high and bring liquid to simmer. Add apples, cover, and transfer pot to oven. Braise, turning pheasant pieces occasionally, until meat is cooked through and tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour.
Using tongs or slotted spoon, transfer pheasant to platter and cover with foil to keep warm. Set pot over high heat and bring pan juices to boil. Boil, uncovered, until sauce is well reduced and thickened, about 25 minutes. Taste and add additional salt and pepper, if necessary.
Bring medium pot of water to boil. Add pearl onions and boil, uncovered, 1 minute. Drain and run under cold water until cool enough to handle; slip off skins.
In small skillet over moderately high heat, heat oil until hot but not smoking. Add onions, apples, sugar, salt, and pepper and stir to combine. Sear, shaking pan occasionally, until onions and apples are dark golden, about 10 minutes. Stir in apple cider, scraping up any browned bits in pan. Reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until onions are fork tender, about 2 minutes more.
Spoon some of sauce over pheasant and garnish with onions, apples, and chopped tarragon. Serve additional sauce alongside.
Put the dried mushrooms in a medium bowl and pour in the boiling water. Press them down into the water now and then until they are soft, anywhere from 5 to 30 minutes depending on how dry they were. When it’s time to cook them, lift them out of the water with your hands or a slotted spoon and chop them roughly. Reserve the soaking water.
Put the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. When it’s hot, add the soaked dried and fresh mushrooms and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are tender and have released all their liquid. 10 to 15 minutes.
Add the wine and let it bubble away for 1 minute, then stir in the garlic, 1/4 cup of the parsley, and 1 cup of the reserved soaking water. Cook until the liquid thickens a bit, another 2 or 3 minutes, then taste, adjust the seasoning, and turn off the heat under the skillet.
Put the polenta in a medium pot with 1 cup water and whisk to form a smooth slurry. Whisk in the milk and a pinch of salt and set the pot over medium-high heat. Heat until the mixture boils then lower the heat to medium and cook, whisking frequently adding more water a little at a time to prevent lumps and keep the mixture somewhat soupy. Expect to add another 2 1/2 to 3 1/2 cups of water before the polenta is ready. The polenta will be done in 15 to 30 minutes, depending on the grind. It will be thick and creamy, with just a little grittiness, and the mixture will pull away from the sides of the pan when you stir. When the polenta is done, turn the heat under the mushrooms to medium to warm them quickly.
Stir the butter and cheese into the polenta then taste and adjust the seasoning. Serve the polenta topped with the mushrooms and garnished with the remaining 1/4 cup parsley.
Soaking Dried Mushrooms: The time needed to soften mushrooms depends on their size and age. They’re ready when you can cut one easily with a paring knife. You want to reserve the soaking liquid but leave the grit behind, so lift out the mushrooms rather than pouring to drain them.
Making The Sauce: When the mushrooms are tender and the wine has bubbled away, stir in the garlic, parsley, and soaking water.
Making Polenta by the Slurry Method: When the slurry just starts to boil, turn it down a bit so it bubbles gently. Add more water or stir with a wooden spoon.
Recognizing Doneness: When the polenta starts to pull away from the pan and is no longer gritty, it’s time to stir in the butter and Parmesan.
Place grated potatoes and onion in large colander and drain well. Using hands, squeeze mixture to extract as much liquid as possible. Transfer mixture to large bowl. Mix in green onion and next 8 ingredients.
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add cumin seeds and turmeric and stir 30 seconds. Stir into potato mixture. Cover and let stand 30 minutes to allow flavors to blend.
Preheat oven to 250°F. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet over medium heat. Add scant 3 tablespoons potato mixture to skillet for each pancake; using spatula, flatten to about 4-inch rounds. Cook until golden, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer pancakes to ovenproof dish; keep warm in oven. Repeat with remaining potato mixture, adding more oil to skillet as necessary. Serve warm.
Place avocado, basil, 1/2 cup broth, garlic and lime juice in blender. Blend until chopped, scraping down sides as needed. With machine running, gradually add oil and blend until smooth. If too thick, gradually add more broth by tablespoons. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead; chill.)
In a large bowl, whisk together marinade ingredients with salt and pepper to taste.
Cut salmon crosswise into 12 pieces, each about 2 1/2 by 1 inch, and add to marinade. Marinate salmon, turning pieces occasionally, 30 minutes.
In a small bowl, whisk together all dipping sauce ingredients except coriander. (Coriander will be added just before serving.)
Remove salmon from marinade and pat dry.
Fill a small shallow baking pan or cake pan with warm water. Soak 4 sheets rice paper until very pliable, about 45 seconds. Carefully, stack soaked sheets, 1 at a time, between single layers of paper towels to drain, ending with a rice paper. Put 1 sheet of rice paper on a clean dry work surface, reserving dampened paper towel, and arrange 1 salmon piece crosswise on bottom half of sheet, leaving a 1-inch border on bottom edge and on each side. Top salmon with about 4 coriander leaves, 1 teaspoon scallion greens, and salt and pepper to taste. Roll up filling in sheet, folding in sides after first roll to completely enclose filling, and continue rolling. Wrap filled spring roll in reserved dampened paper towel to help form spring roll and keep it moist.
Make more spring rolls in same manner with remaining 3 soaked sheets. Transfer assembled rolls in dampened paper towels to a tray and repeat procedure with remaining 8 rice paper sheets, 4 at a time, and ingredients.
Carefully unwrap 4 spring rolls from paper towels. In a deep 12-inch non-stick heavy skillet, heat 1/4 inch oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and fry 4 spring rolls, turning once, until golden brown and salmon is cooked through, about 3 minutes. Transfer spring rolls as fried with metal tongs to a baking sheet lined with paper towels to drain. Repeat procedure with remaining spring rolls.
Stir coriander into dipping sauce. Serve spring rolls as an hors d'oeuvre or first course with dipping sauce and garnish with coriander sprigs.
If using a 12-quart pot, combine 4 quarts of water in the pot with the salt, lemon, honey, thyme, parsley, bay leaves, garlic, and peppercorns. Cover and bring to a boil. Stir until salt is dissolved, then remove from the heat. Transfer brine to 20-quart food-safe container, and add 6 quarts of ice water. Let cool completely.
If using a 20-quart pot, combine 4 quarts of water in the pot with the salt, lemon, honey, thyme, parsley, bay leaves, garlic, and peppercorns. Cover and bring to a boil. Stir until salt is dissolved, then remove from the heat and add 6 quarts of ice water. Let cool completely.
Lower the turkey into the brine and refrigerate for 24 hours.
After 24 hours, remove the turkey from the brine, pat dry, and place on a rimmed baking sheet, breast-side up, to air dry for a minimum of 24 hours in the refrigerator. Once the turkey is dried, it is ready to roast.
Preheat the oven to 450°F with the rack in the lower third of the oven. Remove the turkey from the refrigerator 1 hour before roasting.
In a medium saucepan, melt the butter over low heat. Remove and let stand 3 minutes. Skim off the froth and discard. Slowly pour butter into a medium bowl, leaving milky solids behind in the pot. Discard solids and reserve clarified butter in bowl.
Place the vegetables in the roasting pan and toss with oil. Place roasting rack on top of vegetables. Stuff the cavity of the bird with the rosemary, thyme, bay leaves, and garlic, and tie the legs together with kitchen twine. Place the air-dried turkey on the roasting rack, breast side up.
Brush the turkey skin with the clarified butter and season the skin generously with salt. Roast the turkey for 1 hour. Rotate the pan and cook until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh reaches 150°F, 1 to 1 1/2 hours more.
Allow the turkey to rest at room temperature for 30 minutes before carving. This will allow the juices to be locked in and the turkey to carry over to an internal temperature of 165°F.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Line large rimmed baking sheet with foil; coat with nonstick spray. Sprinkle fish with salt and pepper. Open fish like a book and arrange, skin side down, on prepared baking sheet.
Mix next 5 ingredients in bowl. Sprinkle mixture over fish, drizzle with soy sauce and sesame oil, then top with cilantro sprigs. Bake uncovered until fish is opaque in center, about 20 minutes.
Sauté sausage in large nonstick skillet over medium heat until brown and cooked through, breaking up with back of fork, about 6 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer sausage to bowl; cool.
Butter 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Whisk eggs, milk, salt, and pepper in medium bowl. Arrange half of bread in bottom of prepared dish with bases of triangles facing in same direction. Scatter half of sausage, then half of plums over bread. Arrange remaining bread in dish with triangles facing in opposite direction. Scatter remaining sausage and plums over. Pour milk mixture over; press on bread to submerge. Cover; chill overnight.
Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350°F. Place strata on rimmed baking sheet. Bake uncovered until strata is puffed and golden and knife inserted into center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Let stand 10 minutes. Cut strata into squares and serve with maple syrup.
In a food processor combine all ingredients and pulse until mixture forms a coarse powder. Crab-boil spices keep in a well-sealed container for several months in a cool, dark place.
Place the stock, soy sauce, and sugar in a small saucepan and heat slowly until small bubbles appear around the rim. Stir to dissolve the sugar. Remove the saucepan from the heat and add the bonito flakes. Wait 2 minutes, then add the lemon and/or lime juice. Strain the mixture through a fine-woven muslin cloth- or coffee filter-lined colander. Chill the sauce for at least 20 minutes, or refrigerate up to several days.
If the cooked noodles seem sticky or pasty, quickly rinse in cold water and drain well. Divide them among 4 shallow serving bowls. Garnish the noodles with sesame seeds and chives or scallions. Serve the chilled ponzu sauce on the side to drizzle on and toss in just before eating.
Put the scalded milk and corn meal in the top of a double boiler over boiling water. Add the salt and cook, stirring frequently for about 20 minutes. Mix with the molasses and ginger and pour into a buttered 2-quart soufflè dish or baking dish. Bake in a 300°F. oven for about 2 hours. Serve warm with vanilla ice cream.
In food processor, purée dates until smooth. Add bananas, raisins, wine, and date syrup and process to combine. Add walnuts, pistachios, almonds, cinnamon, allspice, ginger, nutmeg, and cloves and process until smooth. Store, covered, at room temperature until ready to serve.
Place the dried sardines, kelp, and dried mushrooms in a deep pot and cover with the cold water. Place the pot over medium-high heat and wait until small bubbles appear around the rim before adjusting the heat to maintain a steady but not very vigorous simmer. Cook the stock for about 10 minutes, or until the broth becomes a pale gold. If large clouds of froth appear, skim them away. Remove the pot from the heat and allow the contents to sink to the bottom naturally, about 2 minutes.
If you want a smoky flavor, add the bonito flakes (the more flakes you use, the smokier the flavor). Wait 2 or 3 minutes for the flakes to sink, and then strain the broth through a fine-woven muslin cloth, or a coffee-filter-lined colander.
In large stockpot, bring 4 gallons water to rolling boil. (Note: Even small quantities of noodles need to be cooked a lot of water.) Add noodles and begin timing after water has returned to boil. If cooking semidried udon, boil 8 to 9 minutes before testing; if cooking dried, boil 10 to 12 minutes. Test by plucking a noodle from pot, plunging it into cold water, then biting. Noodle should be tender with no hard core; outer surface should be slippery but not overly soft. (This condition is what the Japanese refer to as koshi, or "substance," just as the Italians enjoy their pasta al dente.) If necessary, cook for another minute and check again.
If you will be serving noodles hot, scoop them up into a strainer and lift from pot to drain. (Do not pour off cooking liquid; boiling water in pot can be used both to re-heat noodles, and to warm bowls in which they will be served.)
If you will be serving noodles cold, drain them.
Whether serving noodles hot or cold, rinse them well under cold running water to remove surface starch that would otherwise make them gummy. Then drain.
Set noodles aside until ready to eat — they can be held for up to several hours (refrigerate if holding for more than 20 minutes). When ready to use, rinse noodles in boiling hot water if serving them in hot soup, or cold water if serving chilled as a salad.
Other dried wheat noodles similar to udon include flat kishimen or thinner hiyamugi. Boil these dried noodles for 5 to 6 minutes before checking for doneness.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix sugar, pecans and butter in small bowl. Cover and chill until ready to use. (Can be made up to 2 days ahead. Keep refrigerated.)
Butter 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Cook sweet potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until very tender, about 12 minutes. Drain. Let stand in colander 15 minutes. Purée sweet potatoes in processor.
Beat eggs, syrup, vanilla, lemon juice and salt in large bowl. Mix in puréed sweet potatoes. Transfer sweet potato mixture to prepared dish. Sprinkle pecan topping evenly over mixture.
Bake until sweet potato mixture is set and topping bubbles, about 1 hour. Let stand 15 minutes and serve.
To prepare the pickle, combine the vinegar, 3 cups of water, sugar, coriander seeds, mustard seeds, shallot, garlic, and cilantro in a small saucepan. Bring the pickling liquid to a boil over medium-high heat, reduce to a simmer, and allow the contents to cook for 5 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat and let it cool completely.
Place the feta in a large mixing bowl or divide it between two 1-quart jars, and pour the cool pickling solution over the cheese. Make sure all of the feta is completely submerged. (If you use quart jars, you will have a little bit of extra brine left over, which you can use for a salad dressing.) Cover the feta and refrigerate it for at least five days.
To prepare the salad, remove the pickled feta from the liquid and drain it on paper towels. In a salad bowl, toss together the olives, strawberries, olive oil, chopped cilantro, and spinach. Stir in the feta, then season with salt and pepper, if desired.
Divide the berries equally among four bowls. Place the remaining ingredients in another bowl, and toss to combine. Sprinkle the mixture over each of the four bowls and serve.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Sprinkle roasts on each side with salt, pepper, and 1 teaspoon sugar. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy wide ovenproof pot over medium-high heat. Add roasts. Cook until brown, about 8 minutes per side; transfer to plate. Add 1 tablespoon oil and onions to pot. Sauté until dark brown, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Mix in vinegar and allspice; boil until reduced to glaze, scraping up browned bits. Add broth, orange juice, and tomato sauce; bring to boil. Return roasts and accumulated juices to pot. Scatter dates around roasts; sprinkle with parsley.
Cover pot; place in oven. Braise roasts 1 hour. Turn roasts over, cover, and braise until tender, about 1 hour. Tilt pot; spoon off fat from top of sauce. Cool uncovered 1 hour. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 days ahead. Chill uncovered until cold; cover and keep chilled.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Transfer roasts to board, scraping sauce into pot. Cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices; overlap slices in baking dish. Spoon sauce over. Cover; rewarm about 25 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 400°F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.
Combine the flour, cornstarch, xanthan gum, salt, and chile pepper in a medium mixing bowl.
Combine the milk, water, and butter in a large saucepan over medium-high heat and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat. Add the dry ingredients and beat briskly with a wooden spoon until thoroughly incorporated. Return the saucepan to the stove and reduce the heat to low. The mixture will begin to pull away from the side of the pan. Stir for 3 to 4 minutes, letting any moisture evaporate.
Remove from the heat and let stand at room temperature for about 5 minutes or until cooled slightly. Add the eggs one at a time, stirring briskly after each addition until the egg is thoroughly incorporated.
Form the dough into 2-tablespoon size mounds and drop onto the baking sheets, leaving 1 to 2 inches between each puff. Top each with a generous tablespoon of cheese and sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste.
Bake in the oven for 15 minutes. Reduce the temperature to 350°F and bake for 30 minutes longer, rotating the pans halfway through. Turn off the oven and prop open the oven door slightly. Let the puffs cool in the oven for an additional 30 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
These can be frozen for up to one month and reheated in a 350°F oven for about 8 minutes. (Do not thaw first.)
Add 2 tablespoons chopped chives and 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese to the dough for an interesting appetizer. Slice the puffs horizontally and fill with shrimp, tuna, or chicken salad.
Place rack in the center of oven and preheat to 350°F.
Pulse graham crackers, sugar, cinnamon, and salt in a food processor until fine crumbs form. With the motor running, drizzle in melted butter and process until well-combined. Transfer mixture to pie pan and press into bottom and up sides with a flat-bottomed measuring cup.
Bake crust until golden brown and set, 8–10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool to room temperature, about 15 minutes.
Whisk condensed milk and yolks together in a large bowl. Add key lime and lemon juice and whisk until well-combined (mixture will thicken slightly).
Pour filling into crust and bake until center is just set, about 15 minutes. Transfer pie to a wire rack and let cool completely (filling will set as it cools), about 1 hour. Transfer to refrigerator and chill until cold, at least 1 hour.
When ready to serve, whip cream with a whisk or electric mixer to very soft peaks. Sprinkle sugar over cream and continue whipping until it holds stiff peaks. Dollop cream in center of pie (leaving at least a 1" border of visible pie filling) and serve.
Pie (without topping) can be made, loosely covered, and chilled for up to 2 days.
Sauté sausage in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until brown and cooked through, breaking up large pieces with fork, about 12 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer sausage to plate. Add mushrooms and crushed red pepper to drippings in skillet. Cover and cook until mushrooms are tender, stirring occasionally, about 6 minutes. Add 3/4 cup broth and cream to skillet and set aside.
Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite. Drain pasta; return to same pot. Add sausage, mushroom mixture and cheese. Toss over medium heat until sauce coats pasta thickly, adding more broth by 1/4 cupfuls if mixture is dry, about 3 minutes. Season pasta to taste with salt and pepper.
Preheat oven to 425°F.
In a small skillet boil wine with garlic until reduced to about 2 tablespoons. Add remaining sauce ingredients and salt and pepper to taste and bring to a simmer. Sauce may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Reheat sauce to warm before proceeding.
Pat snapper fillets dry and season with salt and pepper. Divide oil between 2 shallow baking pans large enough to hold fillets in one layer without touching and spread oil evenly. Heat baking pans in upper and lower thirds of oven 7 minutes. Working quickly, put fillets, skin sides down, in hot baking pans and roast in upper and lower thirds of oven 7 to 10 minutes, or until fish is just cooked through.
Transfer fillets with a metal spatula to a large platter, turning them skin sides up, and top with sauce.
Bring water, sugar, light corn syrup, and grated ginger to boil in medium saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Boil 2 minutes. Strain into medium bowl and chill until cool. Whisk in yogurt, buttermilk, lemon juice, and lemon peel. Process in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions; cover and freeze.
Preheat the oven to 400°F (205°C).
In a large bowl, toss the mustard greens with 1 teaspoon of the oil and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.
Trim the cauliflower and break it into florets. Put the cauliflower and garlic in a 9-by-13-inch (23-by-33-cm) baking dish, drizzle with 1 tablespoon of the oil, and sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Toss to coat with the oil. Roast until the cauliflower is very tender and golden brown, about 40 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, heat 1 tablespoon of the butter over medium-high heat. Add the shallot and a pinch of salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until just starting to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the wine and cook until reduced by about half, then add the cream and lemon zest. Simmer over medium heat until reduced and thickened, about 6 minutes, then whisk in the lemon juice. Remove from the heat. Season with salt to taste and set aside, covered to keep warm.
Add the greens to the cauliflower and toss with a metal spatula. Sprinkle with a little water and roast until the greens are wilted and tender and beginning to crisp, 5 to 7 minutes.
In an extra-large sauté pan (or two large ones), heat the remaining 1 tablespoon butter and 2 tablespoons oil over medium-high heat. Spread the oats on a plate. Season the fish with salt and pepper and lay each fillet on the oats, pressing gently so the oats adhere to one side. Put the fish in the pan (or pans), oat side down, and cook without disturbing until the oats are nicely browned and the opaqueness has moved about a third of the way through the thickest part of the fish, about 4 minutes depending on the thickness of the fillets. Use a metal spatula to carefully turn the fish over and cook until just opaque throughout, about 4 minutes. Pile the cauliflower, garlic, and greens on 4 serving plates, top with the fish, and spoon some of the sauce over everything. Serve immediately.
Heat 1 teaspoon oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and sauté until tender, about 10 minutes. Pour in chicken broth and simmer until liquid is reduced by half, about 4 minutes. Add garbanzo beans and spinach and boil 1 minute. Transfer spinach mixture to large bowl. Add pasta. Drizzle pasta with remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil and toss. Season pasta generously with pepper; sprinkle with grated Parmesan and toss well. Serve.
Cook rice with a pinch of salt according to package directions.
Set a steamer basket in a medium pot filled with 1" water, cover pot, and bring water to a boil. Uncover and steam broccoli until crisp-tender, 5–6 minutes. Drain and set aside.
Meanwhile, whisk cornstarch, pepper, and 1 1/2 tsp. salt in a large bowl. Add chicken and toss to coat.
Heat 2 Tbsp. vegetable oil in a large skillet over high. Add half of the chicken and cook, turning occasionally, until chicken is cooked through and a light brown crust forms, about 5 minutes. Transfer chicken to a plate. Heat remaining 2 Tbsp. vegetable oil; cook remaining chicken and transfer to plate.
Combine honey, soy sauce, vinegar, Sriracha, garlic, ginger, sesame oil, 1 Tbsp. sesame seeds, and remaining 1/4 tsp. salt in a medium bowl. Transfer sauce to skillet and cook 1 minute to reduce slightly. Return chicken to skillet, toss in sauce to coat, and cook until sauce is reduced and thickened, about 2 minutes. Fold in reserved broccoli, toss to coat, and remove from heat.
Divide chicken and broccoli among 4 plates and top with scallions and remaining 1 Tbsp. sesame seeds. Serve with rice on the side.
Start with plenty of melted butter. Use a large grill for the filets, lobster tails and crab legs. The skewers of shrimp and scallops can broil right on the regular grill. Dip the filets in melted butter and then in sesame seeds. Brush the lobster tails and the crab legs well with butter. Clean the shrimp as for Broiled Shrimp Appetizer and alternate them on skewers with the scallops. Brush these well with butter.
The filets and lobster tails will take about 7-8 minutes, so start them first. Allow 5-6 minutes for the skewered shrimp and scallops and about 5 minutes for the crab legs. These only need to heat through. Brush everything liberally with butter during the cooking process, and sprinkle additional sesame seeds on the filets. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve on hot plates, with small bowls of melted butter, lemon wedges and dill sauce .
Place beans in large saucepan. Add cold water to cover by 2 inches and bring to boil. Remove from heat; cover and let stand 1 hour.
Drain beans. Heat oil in same pan over medium-high heat. Add onion, celery, and carrot; sauté until vegetables begin to brown, about 10 minutes. Add rosemary and thyme. Return beans to pan. Add enough cold water to cover by 2 inches and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer beans uncovered until almost tender, about 45 minutes. Add 1 teaspoon salt. Continue to simmer until beans are tender, stirring occasionally and adding more water to keep covered if necessary, about 45 minutes longer. Add raisins; season beans with pepper. Cool. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.)
Preheat oven to 350°F. Sprinkle short ribs on all sides with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy large wide ovenproof pot over medium-high heat. Add short ribs in single layer and brown on all sides, about 12 minutes. Transfer ribs to plate. Add onion, carrot, celery, 2 thyme sprigs, and garlic to pot. Sauté until vegetables brown, about 10 minutes. Return ribs to pot in single layer, meat side down. Add broth, vinegar, tarragon sprigs, and remaining 3 thyme sprigs and bring to simmer (broth will not cover ribs). Bake uncovered until ribs are tender, about 1 hour 45 minutes.
Using oven mitts, transfer short ribs to stove top. Tilt pot; spoon off fat from surface. Drain bean-raisin mixture. Add cherry peppers and drained bean-raisin mixture. Simmer until sauce thickens slightly, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl.
Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat until brown and crisp. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towel and drain. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons drippings from skillet. Add green beans and bell pepper to skillet. Toss vegetables over medium-high heat until coated with drippings, about 1 minute. Add broth. Cover and cook until vegetables are crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to serving bowl. Sprinkle with bacon and serve.
Preheat the oven to 350°F. Line a 13- by 18-inch rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper.
In a large bowl, toss the walnuts, almonds, and hazelnuts with the corn syrup until evenly coated. Spread in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake, stirring once, until the nuts are toasted and caramelized, 25 to 30 minutes. Carefully transfer the nuts on the parchment paper to a wire rack to cool completely, separating the nuts as they cool. Line the baking sheet with a clean sheet of parchment paper.
In a double boiler or large heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, melt 3 cups chopped bittersweet chocolate, stirring occasionally to evenly melt. Remove from the heat and add the remaining 1 cup chocolate. Stir until almost melted, then set over the simmering water again. Continue stirring slowly and gently until just melted. Remove from the heat and add the nuts. Fold until evenly coated. Spread in a flat, even layer to the edges of the prepared baking sheet.
Place 1 cup white chocolate in another heatproof bowl and set over the saucepan of barely simmering water. Melt very gently (do not overheat), stirring occasionally, then remove from the heat. Add the remaining 1/2 cup white chocolate and stir until melted. Dollop onto the dark chocolate, then run a butter knife through the dollops to form ghostly streaks.
Refrigerate until set, about 3 hours. Break bark into pieces and wrap in treat bags if desired.
When salting water for cooking, use 1 tablespoon of salt for every 4 quarts of water.
Line baking sheet with foil. Stir sugar and 1 tablespoon water in small skillet over medium-low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to medium-high; boil until syrup turns deep amber, occasionally swirling skillet and brushing down sides with wet pastry brush, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat; add salt and nuts. Stir to coat and transfer to prepared sheet. Cool.
Stir mascarpone, cream, honey, and orange peel in small bowl. Coarsely chop brittle. Arrange figs on plate. Spoon 1 teaspoonful mascarpone mixture atop cut side of each fig; garnish with brittle.
Whisk 2 tablespoons olive oil, Sherry wine vinegar, minced shallot, and honey in large bowl. Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper.
Sprinkle steaks generously with cracked black pepper and salt. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add steaks; cook to desired doneness, about 3 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer to plates. Add last 4 ingredients to dressing; toss. Mound salad alongside steaks and serve.
In a small bowl mix the tahini, water and lemon juice until creamy (it should look like smooth cake batter) and set aside. In a saucepan, heat the olive oil and sauté the garlic for 1 minute, then add the cilantro and hot chilies and stir for another minute. Pour in the tahini mixture and whisk to combine. Season with salt to taste. It should be a creamy pourable consistency—add a small amount of water if needed. Allow to simmer for 5 minutes to let the flavors mingle. Remove from heat and stir in the toasted pine nuts. Serve hot.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Brush eggplant on all sides with oil, season with salt and pepper, and roast, cut side down, on a rimmed baking sheet until lightly browned and softened, 30–40 minutes. Let cool.
Meanwhile, heat a dry medium cast-iron skillet over high. Cook broccoli florets, tossing occasionally, until surfaces are blackened, 10–15 minutes. Transfer to a large plate; let cool.
Toss chiles, sugar, and 1 tsp. salt in a small bowl. Let sit until juices release, 12–15 minutes. Add white wine vinegar.
Meanwhile, toast coriander seeds in a dry small skillet, tossing often, until fragrant, about 4 minutes; let cool. Finely grind in a spice mill or with a mortar and pestle. Transfer to a small bowl and whisk in rice vinegar, 1/4 cup oil, 1 Tbsp. lemon juice, and 2 Tbsp. water; season vinaigrette with salt and pepper.
Scoop eggplant flesh into a food processor; discard skin. Add malt vinegar, agave, tahini, and remaining 2 Tbsp. lemon juice. With motor running, stream in remaining 1/4 cup oil; process until smooth. Season eggplant purée with salt and pepper.
Toss charred broccoli, broccoli stems, and vinaigrette in a large bowl. Serve over eggplant purée topped with cashews, cilantro, and drained chiles.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Toast hazelnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop.
Meanwhile, prepare a grill for medium heat. Cut kernels from 1 corn cob into a large bowl. Add garlic, orange juice, vinegar, and lemon zest and toss to combine; season with salt. Set aside.
Brush remaining 3 ears of corn with oil and grill, turning occasionally, until very tender and charred and blackened in spots, 10–12 minutes. (Alternatively, remove kernels from cobs and cook in a dry large skillet over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until charred in spots, about 4 minutes.) Let cool.
Cut kernels from cobs and add to reserved salad; add hazelnuts, Pecorino, mint, tarragon, and Aleppo-style pepper and toss to combine. Season with salt.
Rub each steak with a cut clove of garlic and brush with melted butter or oil. Grill over coals, turning to brown evenly, until the steaks are nicely browned on the outside but still pink and rare in the middle. Season to taste with salt and pepper as they cook.
Bring all ingredients to a boil in an 8- to 10-quart heavy pot and skim froth. Reduce heat and gently simmer, uncovered, skimming froth occasionally, 3 hours.
Remove chicken, then pour stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl and discard solids. If using stock right away, skim off and discard any fat. If not, cool stock completely, uncovered, before skimming fat, then chill, covered.
Mix all ingredients in small bowl. Cover; chill.
Cook noodles in large pot of boiling water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Transfer to bowl. Add 2 teaspoons sesame oil to noodles and toss to coat.
Mix vinegar, cilantro, ginger, jalapeños and honey in small bowl. Season shrimp with salt and pepper. Heat remaining 2 teaspoons sesame oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add green onions and garlic; sauté until aromatic, about 3 minutes. Add vinegar mixture and shrimp to skillet; stir until shrimp are just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Dissolve cornstarch in 1/2 cup water. Add mixture to skillet; stir until liquid thickens, about 2 minutes.
Mound noodles on platter. Arrange shrimp over and serve.
Preheat the oven to 400°F.
Pierce the softest eye of the coconut with a metal skewer or small screwdriver and drain any liquid into a small bowl to sample—you should have about 1/2 cup liquid. (If the liquid tastes sweet, the coconut is fresh; if it tastes oily, the coconut is rancid and should be discarded.)
Bake the coconut for 15 minutes then transfer to a folded towel on a work surface. Using the back of a knife or a cleaver, crack the shell open. Break the shell into large pieces and use a strong knife to carefully remove the flesh from the shell. Using a vegetable peeler, remove the brown skin then shave the coconut into thin strips—you should have about 4 cups shaved coconut. Reserve 2 cups for the ambrosia salad; wrap and freeze the remainder for another use. DO AHEAD: Coconut shavings can stored, in an airtight container, in the refrigerator up to 1 week or frozen up to 3 months.
Using a serrated knife, cut the peel off the grapefruits and oranges. Cut the fruit crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick rounds then cut the rounds into bite-size pieces. Transfer to a large bowl; add the pineapple, kumquats, pomegranate seeds, 2 cups coconut shavings, 1/2 cup coconut juice, and the apple juice, and toss gently to combine. Serve at room temperature or chilled. DO AHEAD: Florida Ambrosia Salad can be prepared ahead and stored, covered, in the refrigerator up to 8 hours.
1. Thinly slice half of the cucumbers crosswise. Thinly slice half of the scallions crosswise. Set aside.
2. Coarsely chop the remaining cucumbers and scallions and transfer to a large bowl. Add the dill, garlic, lemon juice, buttermilk, and yogurt, and give a good but gentle stir. Season with salt and pepper and puree in a blender until liquefied. (NOTE: You can use a food processor, but a blender will give a smoother, more pleasing result.)
3. Transfer the soup to a large bowl and add the reserved sliced cucumbers and scallions. Adjust seasoning with salt, pepper, and Tabasco to taste. Chill for at least 2 hours in the refrigerator.
Arrange rack in middle of oven; preheat to 425ºF. Finely zest lemon into a medium bowl. Cut zested lemon in half lengthwise; set one half aside and reserve the other for another use. Add garlic, chives, parsley, and butter and mash together with a fork.
Pat inside and outside of chicken dry. From edge of cavity, loosen skin from breasts and thighs. Push butter mixture under skin, then gently rub outside of skin to evenly distribute over breasts and legs. Tie together legs with twine. Season chicken with 1 1/2 tsp. salt and 1/2 tsp. pepper.
Heat roasting pan in oven 10 minutes. Meanwhile, toss potatoes, bacon, caraway seeds, 1/4 tsp. salt, 1/8 tsp. pepper, and 1 Tbsp. plus 1 tsp. oil in a large bowl. Toss cabbage and remaining 1/4 tsp. salt, 1/8 tsp. pepper, and 1 Tbsp. plus 2 tsp. oil in another large bowl.
Remove pan from oven; quickly combine and arrange potato mixture, cabbage mixture, and remaining oil left in bowls in pan, spreading toward edges to make room for chicken. Place chicken, breast side up, on top; it’s okay if chicken sits on some vegetables. Carefully return pan to oven and roast 25 minutes (some cabbage edges will be blackened).
Remove pan from oven; squeeze reserved lemon half over chicken and vegetables. Gently stir vegetables to coat with pan drippings. Reduce oven temperature to 400ºF and continue roasting until chicken juices run clear when thigh is pierced with a fork and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165°F, 40–50 minutes more.
Transfer chicken to a cutting board; let rest 15 minutes. Carve, serve with vegetable mixture, and top with parsley leaves.
Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until it shimmers, then cook onions with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper, covered, stirring occasionally, until golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and keep warm, covered.
Put a large heavy baking sheet (17 by 14 inches) on lowest rack of oven, then preheat oven to 500°F.
Meanwhile, roll out dough on a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin, stretching corners with your hands to form a 16- by 13-inch rectangle. (Dough will be easier to roll out as it warms.) Transfer to a large tray lined with sheet of parchment paper. Lightly prick dough all over with a fork, then slide dough (on parchment) from tray onto hot baking sheet.
Bake until top is puffed and pale golden in patches, about 10 minutes. (Prick any large bubbles with a fork and flatten.) Remove crust from oven and leave oven on.
Sprinkle crust evenly with cheese, walnuts, and parsley. Bake pizza until edge of crust is deep golden, cheese is bubbling and golden in patches, and underside is golden brown, 2 to 4 minutes. Serve immediately.
Blend all ingredients in processor until small clumps form. Press mixture onto bottom and up sides of 9-inch-diameter tart pan with removable bottom. (Can be made 1 day ahead; chill.)
Preheat oven to 325°F. Stir condensed milk and next 3 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Set condensed milk mixture aside.
Using electric mixer, beat egg whites with sugar in large bowl until soft peaks form. Using rubber spatula, gently fold 1 1/2 cups condensed milk mixture into whites. Fold remaining milk mixture into whites until just incorporated.
Pour mixture into prepared crust. Bake until filling puffs up slightly and tester inserted into center comes out with some moist filling attached, about 40 minutes. Cool tart completely on rack. Chill until cold, at least 2 hours and up to 8 hours. Garnish tart with whipped cream and lime slices.
Pound the butterflied breasts to flatten, then season with salt and pepper and refrigerate.
Preheat oven to 400°F.
In a 12- to 14-inch sauté pan, heat 3 tablespoons of the oil over medium-high heat until smoking. Add the pancetta and cook until golden brown, 7 to 9 minutes. Add the pork and cook until it starts to brown in its own fat, about 25 minutes, stirring regularly. Drain all but 4 tablespoons of the fat from the pan and add the prunes and chestnuts. Continue cooking for 8 minutes, until the prunes really start to soften. Remove from the heat and allow to cool, about 20 minutes. Add the bread crumbs, Parmigiano, eggs, pepper, nutmeg, and herbs and just bring together, stirring with your hand. (Overmixing here can result in a lead torpedo for a stuffing, so don't do it.)
Place the two turkey pieces on a cutting board skin side down and divide the stuffing between them. Roll each of the breasts like a jellyroll and tie them firmly in several places with butcher's twine. Place the two rolls on a rack in a roasting pan, skin side up. Pour 2 cups of the wine over them, season with salt and pepper, and roast until dark golden brown outside and a meat thermometer reads 165° at the fattest part of the breast, about 1 hour, plus or minus 10 minutes. Remove and allow to rest 15 minutes before carving.
Add the remaining cup of wine to the roasting pan and deglaze, scraping with a wooden spoon. Cook for 5 minutes, then add the remaining 1/4 cup of oil. Shake the pan to emulsify the sauce and season with salt and pepper.
Carve the roast into 1/2-inch slices and drizzle with the pan sauce.
Finely grind pumpkin seeds and horseradish in a food processor. Add cilantro and lime juice; pulse until cilantro is finely chopped. With motor running, stream in 1/4 cup oil; process just to combine. Add more oil if pesto is too thick; season with salt.
Pesto can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and chill.
Place ground coffee, cardamom, sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg in coffee filter. Using spoon, mix gently. Add water to coffee maker and brew according to manufacturer's instructions.
Divide coffee among 8 cups. Garnish each with a dollop of whipped cream and serve immediately. /epi-preparation>
<epi-conclusion>/epi-conclusion></epi-conclusion>
Melt butter in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion, garlic and tarragon; sauté until onion is just tender, about 2 minutes. Add yellow squash and zucchini; sauté until crisp-tender, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
Combine all dry ingredients, plus a pinch of salt, in a bowl; set aside. Mix egg yolks with buttermilk and oil. Incorporate yolk mixture into dry ingredients. Whip egg whites to medium peaks with whisk or hand mixer and fold into batter in 3 stages to incorporate fully (and to make fluffier waffles). Ladle 1/4 batter onto a nonstick waffle iron until griddle is covered but not overflowing (waffle iron sizes vary; adjust if necessary). Cook waffles until golden, 3 to 4 minutes; keep warm in oven. Repeat 3 times. Optional sauce: Bring honey and lavender to a simmer in a small pot. Take off heat, cover and let steep 30 minutes. Strain honey into a jar and discard lavender.
Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Sprinkle skirt steak on both sides with salt and 1 1/4 teaspoons chile powder. Whisk 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablespoon lime juice in 11x7-inch glass dish. Add meat and turn to coat; place in single layer. Marinate 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, brush green onions and corn with 1 tablespoon oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill vegetables until slightly charred, turning occasionally, about 2 minutes for green onions and 7 minutes for corn. Working over bowl, cut corn from cob directly into bowl. Coarsely chop green onions and add to corn. Stir in cilantro, lime peel, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon chile powder, 1/2 tablespoon oil, and 1 tablespoon lime juice. Season relish to taste with salt and pepper.
Grill skirt steak to desired doneness, about 2 1/2 minutes per side for medium. Transfer to work surface; let rest 5 minutes.
Place tortillas at edge of grill to warm and soften, about 1 minute.
Arrange 2 warm tortillas on each of 4 plates. Thinly slice skirt steak across grain. Divide skirt steak and juices equally among tortillas. Spoon relish over each and serve.
In a blender, blend the cantaloupe pieces, the ginger, and the frozen yogurt until the mixture is smooth. Pour the mixture into chilled glasses and garnish it with cantaloupe slices.
Lay the bread slices on a work surface. Spread the peanut butter on one slice and the cream cheese on the other.
Arrange strawberry slices in an even single layer on top of the peanut butter. Drizzle the honey on the berries and then place the other slice of bread with the cream cheese on top. Cut into halves or quarters.
In a large bowl stir together scallion, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, capers, and salt and pepper to taste. Add turkey, combining mixture well, and form into twelve 1-inch-thick patties. Burgers may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered.
Prepare grill.
Grill burgers on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 6 minutes on each side, or until cooked through.
Serve burgers with ketchup and mustards on bread.
Stir sugar, cornstarch and salt in heavy medium saucepan. Gradually whisk in half and half, then yolks. Whisk over medium heat until custard thickens and boils, about 8 minutes (custard may be lumpy; whisk until smooth). Remove from heat. Whisk in extracts. Transfer to medium bowl. Press plastic onto surface; chill until cold and firm,at least 4 hours.
Beat 1/2 cup cream in medium bowl until stiff peaks form. Whisk 1/4 of cream into filling to loosen. Fold remaining cream into filling; then fold in ground almonds. Cover and refrigerate up to 1 day.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Rollout dough disk on floured surface to 13-inch round. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish. Fold overhang under; crimp edge, forming high-standing rim. Press whole almonds on diagonal into crust edge, spacing 1/2 inch apart. Pierce crust all over with fork. Freeze 10 minutes. Line with foil and beans or pie weights.
Bake crust until sides are set, about 15 minutes. Remove foil and beans. Bake until cooked through and pale golden, covering edge with foil if nuts brown too quickly and piercing with fork if crust bubbles, about 10 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Spoon filling into crust; chill.
Reserve 1/4 cup berries. Transfer remaining berries to processor; puree. Firmly press puree through sieve into measuring cup. If necessary, stir in enough reserved juice to yield 1 cup. Transfer 1/2 cup puree to saucepan; mix in crème de cassis. Sprinkle gelatin over. Let stand 15 minutes. Add sugar. Stir over medium-low heat until gelatin dissolves and mixture begins to simmer, about 2 minutes. Mix in remaining 1/2 cup puree. Chill just until cold but not set, 30 minutes.
Spoon topping over filling; chill until set, at least 3 hours and up to 1 day.
Garnish pie with whipped cream and reserved berries.
Preheat oven to 500°F. Spray large baking sheet with vegetable oil spray. Toss sweet potatoes with oil in large bowl. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Spread sweet potatoes in single layer on prepared baking sheet. Bake until sweet potatoes are tender and golden brown, turning occasionally, about 30 minutes. Transfer sweet potatoes to platter.
Mix parsley, thyme and garlic in small bowl. Sprinkle over sweet potatoes.
Cut peel and pith from oranges. Working over medium bowl, cut between membranes to release segments. Add cilantro, red onion, olive oil, red wine vinegar, and habanero chile; toss well. Season with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.
Drain salsa just before serving.
Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sausage. Sauté until cooked through, about 6 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer to bowl. Add diced fennel, leeks, and shallots to skillet. Sauté 8 minutes. Add garlic and wine. Boil 3 minutes, scraping up browned bits. Scrape into bowl with sausage. Cool. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.
Mix breadcrumbs, Parmesan, and ricotta into stuffing. Whisk eggs, sage, rosemary, 1 teaspoon salt, pepper, and fennel fronds in bowl. Stir into stuffing.
Mix fennel seeds, rosemary, salt, and pepper, then oil in small bowl. Rinse turkey; pat dry. Place turkey, skin side down, on work surface. Spread half of fennel oil over flesh side. Turn turkey over onto large rimmed baking sheet. Tuck wing tips under.
Starting at neck end, run fingers gently under skin of breast, thigh, and legs. Spread stuffing under skin. Massage to even out thickness of stuffing. Spread fennel oil over turkey skin.
Set rack at lowest position in oven and preheat to 350°F. Pour 1 cup stock or broth onto baking sheet under turkey.
Roast turkey until thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 160°F to 165°F, adding stock by cupfuls if pan is dry, 2 to 2 1/2 hours. Transfer turkey to platter; let rest 30 to 45 minutes. Reserve baking sheet with juices. While turkey rests, prepare Fennel Pan Gravy . Serve turkey with gravy.
Prepare barbecue (medium heat). Remove top grill rack. If using charcoal, light briquettes in chimney. When covered with white ash, push to opposite sides of bottom rack. Place disposable aluminum pan in center of rack (you will need to light additional briquettes, checking every 30 minutes during grilling time). Replace top rack. If using 3-burner gas grill, light burners on left and right sides, leaving center burner off. If using 2-burner gas grill, light burner on 1 side; place disposable pan over unlit side.
Place turkey, skin side up, on rack over pan; cover. Insert instant-read thermometer into hole in hood. Maintain temperature at 350°F on charcoal grill by opening and closing vents or adjusting temperature on gas grill with controls. Grill until thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 160°F to 165°F, tenting with foil if browning too quickly, 13/4 to 2 hours. Transfer turkey to platter; let rest 30 to 45 minutes (internal temperature will rise 5 to 10 degrees).
Serve grilled turkey with Mixed- Mushroom and Tarragon Gravy.
Reserve 8 of the grapes, halve the remaining grapes, and in a small saucepan let the grape halves macerate in the wine for 1 hour. Halve the fillets lengthwise, season them with salt and pepper, and sprinkle the skinned sides with the parsley and the thyme. Roll up each fillet half with 1 of the reserved grapes in the middle and secure it with a wooden pick. Stand the fish rolls up in a saucepan just large enough to hold them in one layer without crowding them. Transfer the macerated grapes with a slotted spoon to a small bowl, bring the wine to a boil, and pour it over the fish rolls. Cook the fish rolls, covered, at a bare simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, or until they just flake. Transfer the fish rolls with a slotted spoon to a plate, reserving the cooking liquid, and keep them warm, covered.
In a small saucepan cook the onion in the butter over moderate heat, stirring, for 5 minutes, stir in the flour, and cook the roux over moderately low heat, stirring, for 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and strain the reserved cooking liquid through a fine sieve into the pan. Add the cream, the macerated grapes, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste and boil the sauce, stirring for 3 minutes. Pour off any liquid that has accumulated on the plate, divide the fish rolls among 4 heated plates, and spoon the sauce over them.
1. Boil the whole carrots until tender, then cut into 1/2-inch rounds. Steam the bell peppers and onions until tender. Combine all the vegetables in a large crock or bowl.
2. Combine the vinegar and the sugar in a saucepan over low heat. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Stir in the tomato puree, mustard, and Worcestershire. Remove from the heat. Pour over the vegetables and stir together well. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Cover and chill for at least 2 hours before serving.
Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium-low heat. Add garlic and sauté until very fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add peas and broth. Increase heat to medium-high and cook until peas are tender, about 4 minutes. Mix in parsley. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve.
Combine all of the ingredients in a small bowl. Refrigerate, covered, until needed.
In a large saucepan, heat oil over medium-low. Add onion, fennel, and garlic; cover and cook about 10 minutes. In a large metal spoon or small pan, heat saffron over low heat until dry, about 10 seconds. Grind to a powder with the back of a spoon and steep in 1 tbsp boiling water to release flavor, about 1 minute. Add wine and spoonful of saffron to pan, then stir in shredded basil. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat; reduce heat to low and simmer 1 to 2 minutes. Add tomatoes, their juice, and 1 cup water. Return to a boil over high heat; reduce heat to low and simmer, partially covered, about 30 minutes. Garnish with fennel fronds and chopped basil.
Place flour in shallow dish. Sprinkle veal scallops with salt and pepper. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over high heat. Coat veal in flour, shaking off excess. Working in batches, add veal to skillet and sauté until beginning to brown, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to plate. Tent with foil to keep warm.
Melt remaining 3 tablespoons butter in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add mushrooms and shallots and sauté until mushrooms are brown and tender, about 7 minutes. Add wine; simmer until liquid is reduced to 1/4 cup. Add cream; simmer until reduced to sauce consistency, about 3 minutes. Season sauce with salt and pepper. Return veal to skillet; simmer until just heated through, about 1 minute. Transfer veal to plates, spooning sauce over. Sprinkle with parsley; serve.
Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add peppers; sauté until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Add green onions and sauté 2 minutes. Transfer vegetable mixture to bowl. Add cream and wine to same skillet and simmer until mixture thickens, about 3 minutes. Mix in cheese and all but 1 cup vegetable mixture. Simmer sauce 2 minutes to blend flavors; season with salt and pepper.
Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup cooking liquid.
Return pasta to pot. Add sauce and toss to coat over medium heat, adding reserved cooking liquid by tablespoonfuls to moisten, if desired. Mound pasta on plates. Garnish with reserved 1 cup vegetables. Sprinkle with pine nuts.
Cut tomatoes in half crosswise and seed if desired. Finely chop tomatoes and transfer with any juices to a bowl. Wearing rubber gloves, finely chop chilies, including seeds. Stir chilies into tomatoes with remaining ingredients. Salsa may be made 6 hours ahead and chilled, covered.
Halve eggs lengthwise and carefully remove yolks. Purée yolks, goat cheese, milk, mustard, pepper, and salt in a food processor until smooth. Add dill and pulse until finely chopped.
Spoon (or pipe using a pastry bag) goat cheese mixture into egg whites.
Place cranberries in a small bowl and cover with very hot water; set aside.
Melt butter in a large heavy pot over high heat. Scrape in vanilla seeds; discard pod. Add brown sugar and salt and cook, stirring, until combined. Add apples and cook, stirring often, until apples are soft and liquid is almost completely evaporated, 15–20 minutes.
Transfer apple mixture to a large serving bowl. Drain cranberries, add to apple mixture, and toss to combine.
Fill large bowl with water. Squeeze juice from 1 lemon into water; add lemon halves. Tear outer leaves from 1 artichoke until only pale green leaves remain. Cut top 3/4 inch from top; trim end of stem. Cut in half lengthwise. Rub cut sides of artichoke with lemon half; transfer to bowl with lemon water. Repeat with remaining artichokes.
Bring 6 cups water, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 teaspoons salt, and bay leaf to boil in large saucepan. Add artichoke halves and cook until just tender, about 5 minutes. Drain.
Melt butter with oil in heavy large deep skillet over medium heat. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Dredge chicken in flour, shaking off excess. Cook chicken until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer chicken to plate. Add mushrooms, carrots, and shallots to skillet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sauté until vegetables begin to soften, about 4 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon thyme and garlic; sauté 1 minute. Add wine; bring to boil. Add broth and artichokes; bring to boil.
Return chicken to skillet, reduce heat to medium low, cover, and simmer 20 minutes. Turn chicken, cover, and simmer until cooked through, about 15 minutes longer. Transfer chicken and vegetables to platter. Whisk crème fraîche into sauce in skillet; bring to boil. Season with salt and pepper. Pour sauce over chicken, sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon thyme, and serve.
Prepare grill.
In a food processor pulse olives until chopped fine. Add remaining relish ingredients and pulse until olives are minced.
Brush both sides of swordfish with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill fish on a rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 4 minutes on each side, or until just cooked through. (Alternatively, fish may be grilled in a hot well-seasoned ridged grill pan over moderate heat.)
Serve swordfish topped with relish.
Combine the milk, cream, lemon zest and 1/2 cup of the sugar in a heavy saucepan. Cook, stirring frequently, over medium heat until almost simmering. In a bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, the remaining 1/2 cup sugar, and the salt in a bowl. Slowly pour the hot liquid into the egg mixture, whisking as you pour. Return the mixture to the saucepan. Cook, over medium-low heat, stirring constantly with a heat-resistant plastic or a wooden spatula, until the custard reaches 175°F and lightly coats the spatula.
Strain the custard into a clean bowl and cool over an ice bath until room temperature. Stir in the lemon juice. Refrigerate the custard for at least 4 hours or up to overnight. Churn in an ice cream machine according to the manufacturer's instructions. Freeze until scoopable, about 4 hours, depending on your freezer.
Sift together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, white pepper, and allspice. Stir in the salt.
Beat the butter, 1/4 cup of the granulated sugar, and the brown sugar together until smooth. Stir in the egg. Mix in the molasses. Stir in the dry ingredients in 2 additions. Refrigerate the dough until very firm, at least 3 hours.
Divide the dough in half, wrap each half in plastic wrap, and refrigerate the dough for at least 2 hours or up to 4 days. When firm, roll the dough on a lightly sugared work surface into two 9-inch-long logs.
Preheat the oven to 350°F. Line 3 baking pans with parchment paper. Cut the dough into 1/2-inch-thick slices. There should be at least 24 cookies. Put the remaining 1/4 cup granulated sugar in a bowl. Coat the cookies with the sugar. Place the cookies 2 1/2 inches apart on the prepared pans. Bake the cookies until set and no longer wet looking, 10 to 12 minutes. They will be puffy when you take them out of the oven and will sink as they cool.
Place 12 of the cookies, bottom side up, on the work surface. Place a large scoop of ice cream on each. Top with a second cookie, bottom side against the ice cream, and gently press to adhere the sandwiches together. Serve immediately, or freeze until ready to serve. Once frozen, wrap well in plastic wrap or store in an airtight container.
Char peppers over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose in paper bag 15 minutes. Peel and seed peppers, then cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-wide strips.
Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add button mushrooms; sprinkle with salt and pepper and sauté until mushrooms are softened but still hold shape, about 7 minutes. Transfer mushrooms to large bowl. Add 2 tablespoons oil to same skillet. Add shiitake mushrooms; sprinkle with salt and pepper and sauté until soft, about 5 minutes. Transfer mushrooms to same bowl. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in same skillet. Add oyster mushrooms; sprinkle with salt and pepper and sauté until soft, about 4 minutes. Transfer mushrooms to same bowl; reserve skillet.
Toast chiles de árbol in small skillet over high heat until just beginning to darken, about 15 seconds. Transfer 3 chiles to spice mill and finely grind; reserve remaining whole chiles.
Heat 1/2 cup oil in reserved skillet over medium heat. Add onions and sauté until translucent, about 10 minutes. Add garlic and next 5 ingredients, 1/4 teaspoon of ground chiles de árbol, and remaining 6 whole chiles de árbol; stir to coat. Add 3 cups water and both vinegars; season generously with salt. Bring to boil, stirring frequently, then pour vinegar mixture over mushrooms in bowl. Add red pepper strips. Cool completely. Cover and chill overnight. (Can be made 1 week ahead. Keep refrigerated.)
Strain mushroom escabeche over large bowl. Arrange drained mushrooms on large platter; discard garlic cloves and bay leaves. Drizzle mushrooms with some of marinade. Garnish with parsley leaves and serve.
*Available at some supermarkets, specialty foods stores, and Latin markets.
Stir together cream, milk, brown sugar, cinnamon stick, star anise, nutmeg, cardamom, white pepper, and a pinch of salt in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan. Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into cream mixture, then add pod. Purée banana in a food processor, then whisk into cream mixture. Bring just to a boil, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 30 minutes.
Return to a boil, uncovered. Meanwhile, whisk together yolks in a large metal bowl. Add boiling-hot cream mixture in a slow stream, whisking constantly, then pour into saucepan. Cook over moderately low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until custard is thick enough to coat back of spoon and registers 170 to 175°F on thermometer (do not let boil). Remove from heat and force custard through a fine-mesh sieve into a clean metal bowl, discarding solids. Set bowl in a larger bowl of ice water and let stand, stirring occasionally, until cold, about 30 minutes.
Freeze custard in ice cream maker, then transfer to an airtight container and harden in freezer, about 1 hour. Let soften in refrigerator 1 to 1 1/2 hours and then at room temperature 10 minutes.
Rub outsides of peppers with oil, then arrange peppers, cut sides down, in 1 layer in a large shallow baking pan.
Preheat broiler
Broil peppers 4 to 5 inches from heat until well charred (peppers will not char evenly, especially at ends), 20 to 25 minutes.
Transfer to a bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap, then let stand about 20 minutes.
When peppers are cool enough to handle, peel off skin. Chop peppers and reserve 1/4 cup for saffron rouille (if making) or for another use.
In a carbon-steel, stainless-steel, or coated aluminum wok, heat the oil over high heat until just smoking. Add the pork in three batches and brown on all sides. Remove the meat to a plate. Add the ginger and scallions, and stir-fry for 30 seconds. Return the pork to the pan. Reduce the heat to medium and add the tangerine peel, five-spice powder, sherry, soy sauce, sugar, and water.
Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to low, then cover and simmer for 30 minutes. The dish may be prepared up to this point and frozen. Add the pineapple chunks and continue cooking for another 15 to 20 minutes, until the meat is tender when pricked with a fork. Using a slotted spoon, remove the pork and pineapple to a serving platter. Add the cornstarch mixture to the sauce, bring to a boil, and cook for 1 minute, until the sauce thickens. Pour the sauce over the pork and serve.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Using long slender knife, carve out 3/4-inch-diameter horizontal tunnel through center of pork. Chop carved-out meat and reserve. Using handle of wooden spoon, firmly pack apricots and prunes into tunnel of roast. Place roast on rack in roasting pan; rub with 1 tablespoon oil. Sprinkle roast with 1/2 teaspoon marjoram, salt, and pepper. Scatter onion, carrots, garlic cloves, and chopped meat around rack in pan. Drizzle vegetables with 1 tablespoon oil; sprinkle with 1 teaspoon marjoram. Roast pork until instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of meat (not stuffing) registers 150°F, stirring vegetables occasionally, about 1 hour 25 minutes. Transfer pork to cutting board; tent with foil to keep warm.
Whisk butter, flour, and both mustards in small bowl to blend. Add broth and wine to roasting pan; place on 2 burners and simmer juices over medium heat until mixture is reduced to 1 1/2 cups, scraping up browned bits, about 3 minutes. Strain liquid into small saucepan; skim fat from surface. Bring liquid to boil. Whisk in mustard mixture; simmer until sauce thickens slightly, whisking frequently, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
Cut pork between ribs into chops. Serve with sauce.
Prinz von Hessen 2001 Riesling Kabinett Winkeler Hasensprung.
Preheat oven to 425°F.
Toast peppercorns, cumin, and coriander , then cool completely. Grind spices with red pepper flakes in an electric coffee/spice grinder or with a mortar and pestle. Stir in kosher salt.
Pat beef dry and sprinkle with spices on all sides, pressing to adhere. Heat oil in a large flameproof roasting pan set across 2 burners over high heat until just smoking, then brown beef on all sides, about 2 minutes.
Roast in middle of oven until an instant-read thermometer inserted diagonally 2 inches into center registers 120°F, about 25 minutes. Let beef stand in pan 25 minutes. Beef will continue to cook as it stands, reaching 130°F (medium-rare).
Whisk together oil, lemon juice, shallot, and salt in a bowl, then add pepper to taste.
Untie beef if necessary, then slice. Toss mizuna with dressing and serve beef topped with salad.
Combine all ingredients in large bowl; toss to blend. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover; chill.) Serve chilled or let stand 30 minutes at room temperature before serving.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter a 9-inch square cake pan and line bottom with parchment or wax paper. Butter paper and dust pan with flour, knocking out excess.
Whisk together yolks, 1/2 cup sugar, milk, and extract in a large bowl until combined well, then whisk in flour and salt.
Beat whites with an electric mixer at high speed until they just hold soft peaks. Gradually add remaining 1/4 cup sugar, mixing at low speed until whites just hold stiff peaks. Stir about one third of whites into batter to lighten, then fold in remaining whites gently but thoroughly.
Pour batter into cake pan, spreading evenly, and bake in middle of oven until pale golden and a tester comes out clean, 14 to 16 minutes. Cool cake completely in pan on a rack.
Whisk together powdered egg whites and warm water in a small bowl until combined well. Put superfine sugar in another small bowl.
Holding 1 cherry by stem, brush evenly with some egg white and spoon sugar over it to coat. Transfer to a rack to dry and coat remaining cherries in same manner.
Beat cream with kirsch and sugar using cleaned beaters until it holds stiff peaks.
Cut out 20 rounds from cake with cookie cutter and transfer to a platter. Top each round with a teaspoon of kirsch cream, then top cream with a cherry.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease three 8- by 2-inch cake pans.
In a small bowl combine crunch topping ingredients, stirring until combined. Divide topping among pans and press evenly onto bottom.
In a large bowl whisk together flour, baking soda, ginger, cinnamon, and salt. Add remaining ginger cake ingredients and with an electric mixer beat on high speed 2 minutes. Carefully spread batter over crunch topping in pans and bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of pans in oven halfway through baking, 20 minutes, or until a tester inserted in center of each layer comes out clean.
Immediately invert cake layers onto racks lined with wax paper and cool completely. Cake layers may be made 2 weeks ahead and frozen, wrapped separately in plastic wrap. Thaw layers in refrigerator before proceeding with recipe.
In a chilled bowl with chilled beaters of an electric mixer beat 2 cups cream with vanilla and 2 tablespoons granulated sugar until it just holds stiff peaks.
Arrange 1 cake layer, crunch side up, on a cake plate and spread with a heaping cup whipped cream. Repeat with another cake layer and another heaping cup whipped cream and top with third cake layer, crunch side up. Leaving top plain, spread remaining whipped cream on side of cake to coat (a final coating will be added later). Chill cake, covered loosely with plastic wrap, at least 4 hours (to facilitate slicing) and up to 24.
Hull strawberries and slice half of them. In a bowl with a potato masher mash sliced berries with lemon juice and remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar. In a food processor purée remaining berries and strain through a fine sieve into bowl with mashed berry mixture. Sauce may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered.
In a chilled bowl with chilled beaters of an electric mixer, beat remaining cup cream until it just holds stiff peaks and spread decoratively on side of cake. Arrange some whole strawberries on top of cake and garnish plate with additional whole strawberries.
Serve cake with strawberry sauce.
Spray a 9x4 1/2 x 3" loaf pan with nonstick spray. Line with plastic wrap, leaving a 2" overhang; set aside. Whisk egg whites and sugar in a medium heatproof bowl set over a medium saucepan of simmering water until sugar dissolves and egg whites are warm (but not hot), about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Using an electric mixer, beat on medium-high speed until cool, tripled in volume, and stiff peaks form, about 8 minutes. (If egg whites look grainy, you've gone too far.)
Stir chocolate and butter in a large heatproof bowl over same saucepan of simmering water until melted and smooth; remove from heat; let cool slightly.
Beat cream in another medium bowl until medium-stiff peaks form (cream should be soft and pillowy; peaks will just fall onto themselves). Using a rubber spatula, gently fold egg whites into warm chocolate. Fold in whipped cream. (Stop folding as soon as mixture becomes one smooth texture and light brown color.) Scrape semifreddo into prepared pan; smooth top. Cover tightly and freeze until firm, 3-4 hours. DO AHEAD: Semifreddo can be made 5 days ahead. Keep tightly wrapped and frozen.
Bring first 5 ingredients to a boil in a small saucepan. Remove from heat and cover. Let steep for 15 minutes.
Place chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl; set aside. Strain milk mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into a medium bowl; return to saucepan. Bring to a boil. Gradually pour milk mixture over chocolate, stirring until melted and smooth. Stir in tequila, if using. DO AHEAD: Sauce can be made 2 days ahead. Let cool completely. Cover and chill. Gently rewarm before continuing.
Combine cream, sugar, and cinnamon in a medium bowl; scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; discard bean. Using an electric mixer, beat until soft peaks form.
Uncover semifreddo and invert onto a platter. Lift pan and discard plastic wrap. Using a knife dipped in hot water and wiped dry, cut semifreddo into clean slices. Transfer to plates. Garnish with cinnamon whipped cream and warm chile-chocolate sauce, if desired. Sprinkle almonds over.
Heat 1 teaspoon oil in Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Add to Dutch oven; sauté until brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer to plate.
Heat remaining 1 teaspoon oil in same pot over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic; sauté until golden, about 5 minutes. Add curry powder, cumin, and cinnamon; stir 1 minute. Return chicken to pot. Add squash, potatoes, broth and tomatoes. Cover and simmer 15 minutes. Uncover and simmer until chicken and potatoes are cooked through and liquid is slightly reduced, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with cilantro.
Pulse together all crust ingredients in a food processor or beat with an electric mixer until a dough forms. Press dough evenly onto bottom and up side of tart pan with floured fingers. Chill shell until firm, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350°F.
Line shell with foil and fill with 1 inch of pie weights, then bake in middle of oven until edge is pale golden, about 22 minutes. Carefully remove foil and bake shell until edge is golden and bottom is pale golden, about 20 minutes more. Cool completely in pan on a rack.
Reduce oven temperature to 300°F.
Mix together all custard ingredients in a bowl with a whisk (do not beat) until just combined. Set tart shell (in tart pan) in a shallow baking pan and pour three fourths of custard into shell. Carefully put tart in middle of oven and pour remaining custard into shell with a small cup.
Bake tart until just set in center, about 1 hour. Cool tart completely in tart pan on rack, then chill, covered, until cold, at least 2 hours. Just before serving, remove side of pan.
Combine vodka, lime juice, and triple sec in a cocktail shaker. Fill shaker with ice, cover, and shake vigorously until outside of shaker is very cold, about 20 seconds.
Strain cocktail through a Hawthorne strainer or a slotted spoon into two 2-oz. shot glasses.
Bring water to boil in small saucepan. Stir in salt and rice; bring to boil. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer until water is absorbed and rice is tender, about 17 minutes. Remove pan from heat.
Brush both sides of nori with sesame oil. Sprinkle nori lightly with salt. Grill nori until edges begin to curl, about 5 seconds per side. Pile sheets on work surface. Using scissors, cut nori lengthwise in half. Cut each half crosswise into 4 rectangles.
Heat 2/3 cup whipping cream and 2 tablespoons butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat until butter melts. Remove from heat. Add chocolate; let stand 1 minute. Whisk until chocolate melts and sauce is smooth. Mix in vanilla extract. Cool sauce to room temperature, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes.
Line bottom of 9 x 5 x 2 1/2-inch metal loaf pan with parchment paper, leaving overhang on long sides. Using back of spoon, spread 1 pint ice cream over bottom of prepared pan. Sprinkle evenly with 1 cup cookie crumbs. Spread another 1 pint ice cream over cookie crumbs. Freeze until ice cream is firm, about 20 minutes. Spread with 3/4 cup sauce; freeze 20 minutes. Spread with remaining 1 pint ice cream; sprinkle with 1 cup cookie crumbs, pressing crumbs into ice cream to adhere. Cover pan and freeze ice cream cake until very firm, at least 4 hours. (Can be prepared 5 days ahead. Keep cake frozen. Cover and refrigerate remaining sauce. Store remaining 1 cup crumbs airtight at room temperature.)
Stir remaining sauce in heavy medium saucepan over low heat until warmed through; pour into small pitcher or bowl. Cut around pan sides to loosen cake. Turn cake out onto platter. Peel off parchment. Sprinkle top of cake with remaining 1 cup crumbs.
Cut cake crosswise into slices. Serve immediately with warm sauce.
1. Place the roughly chopped bread in the food processor and pulse for about 30 seconds to chop a little more finely.
2. Add the remaining ingredients to the food processor and pulse until smooth.
In heavy, medium pot combine potatoes with enough cold water to cover. Place over moderately high heat, cover, and bring to a boil. Continue boiling until potatoes are easily pierced with fork, about 15 minutes. Drain and pass through food mill or ricer into large mixing bowl. Set aside.
In small saucepan over moderate heat, combine heavy cream and butter and bring to boil. Add cream mixture, sour cream, and cream cheese to potatoes, and beat until light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Stir in lemon juice and salt and pepper. Serve hot.
Bring cream, milk, sugar, zest, and salt just to a boil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan, stirring occasionally. Lightly beat yolks in a large bowl, then add hot sweetened cream in a slow stream, whisking. Pour custard into saucepan and cook over moderately low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until a candy or instant-read thermometer registers 170°F and custard coats back of spoon, about 10 minutes. Pour through a sieve into a clean bowl, then stir in juice. Cool custard, stirring occasionally, then chill until cold.
Freeze custard in ice-cream maker. Transfer ice cream to an airtight container and put in freezer to harden.
Blend together preserves and lemon juice in a food processor until smooth. Strain sauce and/or thin with water if desired.
Serve ice cream with black-currant sauce.
Adjust fluted blade of mandoline to an opening of slightly more than 1/8 inch. Peel sweet potatoes, then slice crosswise on mandoline, turning each potato at a 90-degree angle after each slice to produce a waffle pattern. (It may take a few tries to get the pattern right.)
Heat oil in a 4-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat until it registers 300°F on thermometer. Fry potatoes, 6 to 8 slices at a time, stirring and turning them frequently, until golden and crisp, 2 1/2 to 3 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain and return oil to 300°F between batches. Season gaufrettes lightly with salt while still warm.
Heat a 10-inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until hot and cook duck, stirring, until any excess fat is melted and edges are slightly crisp, about 2 minutes.
Top each gaufrette with some duck and a scant 1/2 teaspoon chutney.
Mash the yeast with a pinch of salt and the lukewarm water in a cup or small bowl until smooth, then let stand for about 10 minutes, until the mixture is frothy. Beat two of the eggs in a bowl. Sift the flour with a pinch of salt onto a work surface. Make a well in the center and pour in the beaten egg and yeast mixture. Gradually incorporate the flour into the liquid, then knead well for 10 minutes. Dust the surface lightly with flour to prevent the dough sticking. Add the margarine and knead for 10 minutes more, banging the dough onto the surface. Add a little water to the dough if necessary. Once the dough is smooth and elastic, form it into a ball, place it in a bowl, and cover with a clean dish towel. Let rise in a warm place for 1 to 2 hours, until doubled in volume. Meanwhile, make the "rustido." Heat the olive oil in a skillet. Add the onions and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes, until softened and translucent. Add the garlic and parsley and cook for 5 minutes more. Stir in the chorizo and cook for 2 minutes more. Remove the skillet from the heat and set aside. Heat the sunflower oil in a skillet. Add the strips of meat and cook over medium-low heat, stirring frequently, for about 8 minutes, until golden brown. Remove from the skillet with a slotted spoon and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Brush a 12-inch baking pan or ovenproof baking dish with oil. Divide the dough into two pieces, one slightly bigger than the other. Roll out the larger piece on a lightly floured surface and use to line the pan or dish. Spread half the rustido over the dough. Lay the strips of meat on the rustido and add the strips of bell pepper. Spoon the remaining rustido over the top. Roll out the remaining dough and use it to cover the mixture. Seal the edges of the dough carefully, pressing them together and rolling them slightly. Pinch the dough in the center of the pie with two fingers to create a chimney to allow the steam to escape. Beat the remaining egg and brush it over the dough to glaze. Bake for 15 minutes, then increase the oven temperature to 375°F, and bake for 15 minutes longer. Increase the oven temperature to 400°F and bake for 15 minutes more, until golden brown. Remove the pie from the oven. Serve hot or warm, straight from the dish, if you prefer.
Combine the Wondra flour, chili powder, cayenne, and salt in a plastic bag. Set aside.
Cut the live lobsters in half. Remove the claws and break the claws open to expose as much meat as possible. Remove the meat from the lobsters and place it into the seasoned flour. Shake to coat well. Remove the lobster from the flour and shake off any excess.
Preheat the oven to 475 degrees.
Heat the oil in a large sauté pan over high heat until smoking. Add the lobster pieces, cut side down, a few at a time, if necessary, and sear them for about 4 minutes, or until they are golden brown. Transfer the lobster to a baking sheet, and when all of the lobster is seared, place the baking sheet in the preheated oven and bake for 10 minutes.
While the lobster is baking, prepare the sauce. Return the sauté pan to medium heat and add the garlic and red pepper flakes. Sauté for about 3 minutes, or until the garlic is golden brown but not burning. Add the stock and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Whisk in the butter and remove the pan from the heat. Whisk in the lemon juice, basil leaves, and the tomato julienne. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Remove the lobster from the oven. Place a mound of Lemon Rice in the center of each of six plates. Place equal portions of the lobster over the rice. Spoon the sauce over the top of each mound and garnish with Fried Basil.
Serve immediately.
Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and allow them to sweat their liquid for 4 minutes. Add the garlic and sweat for an additional 3 minutes. Stir in the rice and sauté it for 1 minute. Add the stock (or water), lemon juice, salt, and pepper.
Raise the heat and bring the stock to a boil. Boil for about 15 minutes, or until the liquid has reduced to about 1 1/2 cups. Lower the heat and tightly cover the rice. (If you don't have a tight-fitting lid, cover the rice with aluminum foil.) Simmer for 30 minutes, or until the rice has absorbed all of the liquid. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the rice to steam for 15 minutes. Do not uncover the pan. When ready to serve, fluff the rice with a fork.
If using the zucchini, while the rice is resting heat the optional 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large sauté pan over medium-high heat. Add the zucchini and sauté for 4 minutes, or just until slightly softened. Season with salt and pepper to taste. When ready to serve the rice, add the zucchini and fluff it into the rice.
Heat the oil to 350 degrees on a candy thermometer in a large saucepan over high heat.
Standing as far back from the pot as possible and wearing an oven mitt, drop the basil leaves into the hot oil. The oil may bubble and splatter. Fry for about 1 minute, or until the leaves are crisp. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the leaves to a double layer of paper towels to drain.
Blend all ingredients in a blender until smooth.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter bottom of 9-inch-diameter springform pan with 2 3/4-inch-high sides. Line pan bottom with parchment.
Using electric mixer, beat butter in medium bowl until light. Add 1/2 cup sugar; beat until fluffy. Add yolks 1 at a time, beating after each addition. Mix in vanilla. Add flour, mix just until blended. Mix in pecans and chocolate. Using electric mixer fitted with clean dry beaters, beat egg whites in large bowl until soft peaks form. Gradually add 1/2 cup sugar; beat until stiff but not dry. Fold whites into yolk mixture in 3 additions.
Transfer batter to pan. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 55 minutes. Cool on rack 15 minutes. Run knife around sides of pan to loosen. Release pan sides. Cool.
Combine all ingredients in top of double boiler set over simmering water (do not allow pan to touch water). Stir until smooth. Cool until lukewarm but still pourable, about 45 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare filling.
Combine cream, sugar and bourbon in medium bowl; beat until stiff peaks form.
Using serrated knife, cut cake into 3 layers. Place bottom layer on plate. Spread half of cream filling over. Top with second layer. Spread remaining filling over. Top with remaining layer, cut side down. Slowly pour glaze over cake, allowing some to drip down sides of cake. Garnish cake with pecan halves. Chill until glaze sets, about 30 minutes.
Heat olive oil in heavy medium pot over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons garlic and sauté 1 minute. Add tomatoes with their juices, whole onion, basil and 1 tablespoon oregano to pot. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer sauce until reduced to 1 3/4 cups, about 1 hour. Remove onion and discard. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside.
Melt butter in heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add parsley, bay leaf, crushed red pepper, remaining 1 tablespoon garlic and 2 tablespoons oregano. Sauté until garlic is tender, about 1 minute. Stir in Sherry and tomato sauce. Add mussels and stir to coat. Cover and simmer until mussels open, about 5 minutes; discard any mussels that do not open. Using tongs, transfer mussels to large serving bowl. Season sauce to taste with salt and pepper. Ladle sauce over mussels and serve.
Prepare barbecue (medium heat). Grill eggplant until skin is charred and flesh is soft, about 6 minutes per side. Grill bell pepper until brown in spots, turning frequently, about 10 minutes. Transfer eggplant and pepper to bowl. Cover with foil and let stand 30 minutes. Peel, seed and dice red bell pepper. Set aside.
Scoop eggplant from skin and transfer flesh to blender; discard skin. Stir cumin in heavy small skillet over low heat until lightly toasted, about 2 minutes. Add cumin to blender; then add yogurt, milk, olive oil, 1 tablespoon mint and garlic. Blend until very smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer soup to large bowl. Mix in 1 1/2 cups broth. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour. (Bell pepper and soup can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover separately and refrigerate. Before serving, thin soup with more vegetable broth, if desired.)
Mix bell pepper, remaining 1 tablespoon mint and olives in small bowl. Ladle eggplant soup into bowls. Sprinkle with bell pepper mixture; serve.
Whisk together the garlic, mustard, vinegar, lemon juice, honey, hot sauce, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until the dressing is emulsified. Alternatively, you can combine all the ingredients in a blender or a food processor and puré until smooth.
Melt butter with oil in large pot over medium-high heat. Add onions; sauté until soft and dark brown, about 20 minutes. Add chicken broth, cider, and thyme sprigs. Bring to boil. Reduce heat; season with salt and pepper. Simmer soup, uncovered, 25 minutes. Discard thyme sprigs. (Soup can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly. Chill uncovered until cold, then cover and keep refrigerated. Rewarm over low heat before continuing.) Divide among 6 soup bowls, garnish with chopped thyme, and serve.
In medium bowl, whisk together all ingredients. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Taste and add more lime juice if desired.
Preheat oven to 425°F. Mix buttermilk and ramps in small bowl. Mix flour, baking powder, salt, and pepper in processor. Add chilled butter to processor; using on/off turns, cut in butter until fine meal forms. Transfer flour mixture to medium bowl. Add buttermilk mixture; stir until dough forms. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface and press out to 7-inch round, about 1/2 inch thick. Using 2-inch-diameter biscuit cutter dipped in flour, cut out rounds. Gather dough scraps; press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional rounds. Transfer dough rounds to baking sheet. Brush biscuit tops with some of egg glaze. Sprinkle with cracked coriander seeds. Bake biscuits until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Cool on rack. Serve slightly warm or at room temperature.
1. Bring the chicken broth to a boil in a large saucepot and add the beans and bacon. Return the mixture to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the beans are nearly tender, about 40 minutes.
2. Add the sausage, onions, garlic, and 1 bouquet garni. Return the mixture to a simmer and cook until the sausage is cooked through and the bacon is fork tender, about 30 minutes. Remove and reserve the sausage and bacon. Remove and discard the onions, garlic, and bouquet garni.
3. Season the beans with salt to taste continue to simmer until the beans are tender, about 20 to 25 minutes. Strain the beans, reserve them, and return the cooking liquid to the pot. Continue to simmer until the liquid reduces by 1/2 and is beginning to thicken, about 30 minutes. Reserve the sauce for later use.
4. Season the pork and lamb with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a casserole or Dutch oven over medium-high heat until it starts to shimmer. Sear the pork and lamb in the oil on all sides, turning as necessary, until deep brown. Transfer the meat to a pan and keep warm.
5. Add the leeks, carrots, and parsnips to the casserole and sauté, stirring occasionally, until the leeks are golden brown, about 15 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until aromatic, about 1 minute. Add the flour and cook, stirring frequently, until the mixture is pasty, about 5 minutes.
6. Add the wine and 3 cups of broth to the casserole, whisking or stirring until smooth. Stir in the tomatoes and the remaining bouquet garni. Return the seared meats to the casserole, along with any juices they may have released, and the duck confit. Add more broth if necessary to keep the meat completely moistened. Bring to a slow simmer over medium-low heat.
7. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cover the casserole and braise the meat in the oven, skimming the surface as necessary, until the meats are fork tender, about 1 hour.
8. Peel the reserved sausage and slice it 1/4 inch thick. Slice the reserved bacon 1/4 inch thick. Add the sliced sausage and bacon to the casserole. Cover the meat with a layer of the reserved beans. Add the duck confit in a layer, topped with the second half of the beans. Pour the sauce from the beans over the cassoulet. Toss together the bread crumbs and parsley and sprinkle in an even layer over the cassoulet.
9. Turn the oven down to 300 degrees F and bake the cassoulet, uncovered, periodically basting the crust with the juices that bubble up at the sides of the casserole, until it is heated through and a good crust has formed, 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Let the cassoulet rest for 15 minutes before serving. Serve in heated bowls.
1. Line a large colander with several layers of cheesecloth.
2. In a large bowl, mix the yogurt with the sugar.
3. In a separate bowl, beat the cream and the vanilla essence until stiff. Fold the cream into the yogurt.
4. In a large bowl, beat egg whites with an electric mixer until stiff but not dry. With a spatula, carefully fold in the yogurt mixture and the orange rind.
5. Transfer the mousse mixture to the prepared colander and place over a bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator to drain for at least 4 hours.
6. When ready to serve, place one meringue on each of the 10 dessert plates. Top with some mousse and a few berries. Top each with a second meringue.
7. Drizzle some strawberry coulis around each meringue and garnish with a few berries and a sprig of mint.
With a vegetable peeler or paring knife peel squash. Cut squash and onion into 1/4-inch dice and cut broccoli rabe into 1/2-inch pieces.
In a 12-inch nonstick skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and add vegetables and salt to taste, stirring to coat with oil. Add water and cook vegetables, covered, over moderate heat 5 minutes, or until tender. Remove lid and cook vegetables over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until liquid is evaporated and vegetables begin to brown, about 3 minutes more.
1. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of salt in the bottom of a dish or plastic container large enough to hold the duck pieces in a single layer. Evenly scatter half the garlic, shallots, and thyme in the container. Arrange the duck, skin-side up, over the salt mixture, then sprinkle with the remaining salt, garlic, shallots, and thyme and a little pepper. Cover and refrigerate for 1-2 days.
2. Preheat the oven to 225°F. Melt the duck fat in a small saucepan. Brush the salt and seasonings off the duck. Arrange the duck pieces in a single snug layer in a high-sided baking dish or ovenproof saucepan. Pour the melted fat over the duck (the duck pieces should be covered by fat) and place the confit in the oven. Cook the confit slowly at a very slow simmer — just an occasional bubble — until the duck is tender and can be easily pulled from the bone, 2-3 hours. Remove the confit from the oven. Cool and store the duck in the fat. (The confit will keep in the refrigerator for several weeks.)
Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Grease pan with 2 teaspoons oil and wrap outside with foil.
Cook chard in a 5- to 6-quart pot of boiling salted water, uncovered, until just tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a sieve set over a bowl. Reserve cooking water in pot. Press hard on chard to extract as much water as possible, then transfer to a cutting board and chop.
Cook onion in 3 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until softened and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in chard, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and remove from heat. Cool chard mixture to warm.
While chard cools, return cooking water to a boil and cook fettuccine, uncovered, until al dente. Drain pasta in a colander, then transfer to a large bowl and toss with remaining teaspoon oil. Blend together eggs, milk, mascarpone, and remaining 3/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a blender until smooth.
Stir chard and Fontina into pasta mixture, then stir in egg mixture. Pour into greased springform pan set in a large shallow baking pan (to catch any drips). Pat down chard to make surface even if necessary.
Bake until just set and top is golden brown, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Cool in springform pan on a rack 10 minutes, then run a small sharp knife around inside edge of pan to loosen torte. Remove side of pan and serve torte hot or warm.
Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F.
Grind baguette cubes to coarse crumbs in 3 batches in a food processor. Spread evenly in a large shallow baking pan and bake, stirring once, until golden and crisp, 15 to 18 minutes. Cool completely before using.
Cook french fries according to package instructions and keep warm in oven if necessary.
Meanwhile, cut onion into very thin slices with slicer, then cook with garlic and a pinch of salt in butter in a wide heavy medium pot over medium-high heat, covered, stirring occasionally, until pale golden.
While onion cooks, whisk together mustard and water until smooth, then whisk in mayonnaise and 1/4 teaspoon pepper.
Add wine to onion and briskly simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until onion is almost tender, about 5 minutes. Add mussels and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until mussels just open wide, 4 to 6 minutes, checking frequently after 4 minutes and transferring as cooked to a bowl. (Discard any mussels that remain unopened.) Stir parsley into cooking liquid and season with salt. Pour liquid over mussels, then serve with fries and mustard mayonnaise.
Preheat oven to 400°F.
In a dry small heavy skillet toast seeds over moderate heat, shaking skillet, until fragrant, about 1 minute, and cool. In an electric coffee/spice grinder finely grind seeds and salt with paprika and in a bowl stir together with oil.
Split each pita into 2 rounds and brush rough sides with cumin oil. Cut each round into 8 wedges and arrange, rough sides up, on 2 large baking sheets. Bake wedges in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, until golden brown and crisp, about 8 minutes total. Cool pita toasts on racks. Pita toasts keep 5 days in an airtight container at room temperature.
In a bowl whisk together vinegars, mustard, sea salt, and white pepper until mustard is incorporated. In a very slow stream whisk in olive oil and then corn oil and whisk until emulsified. Vinaigrette keeps, covered and chilled, 1 week.
Cut up leek, carrot, and celery and in a large saucepan bring to a boil with remaining ingredients. Boil mixture 10 minutes and pour through a fine sieve into a bowl. Court bouillon keeps, covered and chilled, 3 days or, frozen, 2 months.
Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in middle.
Butter a 1-quart shallow baking dish or a 9-inch pie plate. Arrange bread in 1 layer in dish.
Whisk together milk, 1 egg, and 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Pour over bread. Sprinkle with cheese and press lightly to help bread absorb custard. Let stand until absorbed, 15 to 30 minutes.
Dot with butter and bake, uncovered, until puffed and golden, 20 to 25 minutes.
Bring 2 inches water to a boil with a few drops of vinegar in a small deep skillet or saucepan. Break each remaining egg into a cup and slide into water, spacing eggs apart. Poach at a bare simmer to desired doneness (we prefer firm whites with runny yolks, 2 to 3 minutes).
Meanwhile, toss greens with remaining 2 teaspoons vinegar, oil, and 1/8 teaspoon salt.
Divide pain perdu between 2 plates and top with salad. Lift eggs out of poaching liquid 1 at a time with a slotted spoon and place on top of salad. Lightly season eggs with salt and pepper.
Place ham hocks in large saucepan. Add enough water to cover by 2 inches. Bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer until meat is very tender, about 2 hours. Transfer hocks to medium bowl. Boil broth until reduced to 2 cups, about 15 minutes. Remove meat from bones; discard bones. Place hock meat in medium bowl. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover hock meat and broth separately; chill.)
Preheat oven to 350°F. Heat heavy large pot over medium-high heat. Add bratwurst and bacon. Sauté until bacon is crisp and bratwurst is brown, about 10 minutes. Place in bowl with hock meat.
Add onions, spices and bay leaves to same pot. Sauté until onions are tender, about 5 minutes. Add apples; sauté 2 minutes. Mix in sauerkraut. Add all meats; press to submerge. Add reserved broth and wine. Boil 10 minutes. Cover choucroute and bake 1 1/2 hours.
Meanwhile, cook potatoes in pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 18 minutes. Drain; cool slightly. Cut potatoes in half. Dip cut sides into parsley. Arrange sauerkraut and meats on platter. Surround with potatoes. Serve with mustards and horseradish.
Purée cilantro, parsley, garlic, half of chiles, and 1/4 cup olive oil in a blender or food processor until very smooth; season herb oil with salt and set aside.
Whisk yogurt, lemon juice, and remaining 1/4 cup olive oil in a small bowl; season with salt and set yogurt sauce aside.
Place eggplants in a colander set in the sink; season with 3/4 teaspoon salt. Let sit 30 minutes to drain, then pat dry.
Fit a medium pot with thermometer; pour in vegetable oil to measure 2". Heat over medium-high heat until thermometer registers 375°.
Working in batches and returning oil to 375° between batches, fry eggplants, turning often, until golden brown and tender, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer eggplants to paper towels to drain; season with salt. Let cool.
Combine eggplants in a large bowl with tomatoes, cucumbers, and remaining chiles; drizzle with some reserved herb oil and toss to combine. Season salad with salt.
Spoon reserved yogurt sauce onto a platter, top with salad, and drizzle with more herb oil.
Do ahead: Herb oil and yogurt sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill separately.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter rimmed baking sheet. Roll out crust on floured surface to thin 16-inch square. Spread all of preserves over pastry, leaving 1-inch plain border. Sprinkle dried fruit and nuts evenly over preserves. Sprinkle with cinnamon. Fold about 1 inch of each pastry side over filling. Starting at bottom, roll up pastry jelly-roll style, enclosing filling. Using large spatula, transfer strudel to prepared baking sheet, seam side down. Bake strudel until golden, about 35 minutes. Cool completely. Cut strudel into 1-inch slices.
Stir first 6 ingredients in large bowl. Add pears and toss to coat.
Whisk flour, sugar and cinnamon in medium bowl. Add butter and rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Mix in nuts.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Spoon pear filling into pie crust. Sprinkle topping evenly over filling. Bake pie 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. Continue baking pie until pears are tender and filling is bubbling thickly, covering edges with foil if crust is browning too quickly, about 1 hour 5 minutes longer. Cool pie on rack at least 2 hours. Serve slightly warm or at room temperature.
Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Stir maple syrup, chili sauce, vinegar and mustard in small saucepan until well blended. Brush chicken with oil; season with salt and pepper. Arrange chicken on barbecue. Grill until cooked through, turning occasionally and brushing generously with sauce, about 10 minutes. Serve immediately.
In a bowl whisk together coconut milk, yogurt, and salt and pepper to taste and stir in mint and 3/4 cup coconut. Pour lassi into chilled glasses and sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup coconut.
Preheat oven to 450°F.
Arrange veal bones in 1 layer in an oiled large roasting pan and roast in middle of oven, turning once or twice, until browned, 30 to 45 minutes. Leave oven on.
Transfer bones with tongs to a tall narrow 7- to 8-quart stockpot and add 4 quarts water. Discard fat from roasting pan, then immediately add 1/2cup water to hot pan, stirring and scraping up brown bits, and add to stockpot. Bring liquid to a tremble (bare simmer; about 190°F) and cook, skimming froth frequently during first hour, about 10 hours (use a flame tamer for lowest heat if necessary).
While stock is cooking, wash leeks in a bowl of cold water, then lift out and drain well. Oil roasting pan again and spread leeks, carrots, onions, and celery in 1 layer. Roast in middle of oven, stirring once or twice, until golden brown, 20 to 30 minutes. Transfer vegetables to a bowl and immediately add remaining 1/2 cup water to hot pan, stirring and scraping up brown bits, then add to stockpot. Cool vegetables and chill, covered.
Add roasted vegetables and remaining ingredients to stockpot for last 2 hours of cooking.
Remove bones with tongs and discard. Pour stock in batches through a large fine-mesh sieve into a 4-quart pot, discarding solids. Cool stock, uncovered, and chill, covered, then scrape congealed fat from chilled stock. If you end up with more than 8 cups stock, simmer it, skimming froth, to reduce. If you have less, add water.
Preheat oven to 325°F. Line a baking sheet with foil and lightly oil with grapeseed oil.
Remove zest from oranges with a vegetable peeler and trim any white pith from zest with a sharp paring knife. Bring zest, sugar, and waterto a boil in a 3-quart saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until syrupy, about 6 minutes. Drain zest in a sieve and spread out on baking sheet.
Bake zest in middle of oven until dry and crisp, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool on baking sheet on a rack. Grind zest to a powder in electric coffee/spice grinder.
Sift flour with salt into a large bowl and blend in butter with your fingertips or a pastry blender until most of mixture resembles coarse meal with small (roughly pea-size) butter lumps.
Beat egg with vinegar in a 1-cup measure using a fork, then add enough ice water to measure 1 cup total. Add to flour mixture, stirring with fork until incorporated.
Turn out mixture onto a lightly floured surface and knead gently with heel of your hand just enough to bring dough together. Roll out or pat into a 15- by 9-inch rectangle. Arrange dough with short side nearest you, then fold into thirds like a letter to form a roughly 5- by 9-inch rectangle. Chill dough, wrapped in plastic wrap, at least 1 hour and up to 6 (do not chill longer or dough will discolor).
Preheat oven to 375°F. Combine first 5 ingredients in 8-inch square baking dish. Pour 1/2 cup broth over vegetables. Bake until vegetables are very tender, about 40 minutes. Transfer mixture to processor and puree until smooth, adding additional broth as necessary to thin to sauce consistency.
Season to taste with salt. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Bring sauce to simmer and serve.
Combine brown sugar, chile powder, paprika, salt, pepper, cayenne, granulated garlic, mustard powder, coriander, and cumin in a small bowl.
Prepare a grill for medium-high heat; oil grate. Grill corn, turning occasionally, until lightly browned all over, 8–10 minutes; let cool. Cut kernels from cobs and place in a medium bowl. Add onion, jalapeño, tomatoes, cilantro, and lime juice to corn and toss to combine; season with salt and pepper. Set salsa aside.
Meanwhile, coat steak with all of dry rub, packing on more than once if needed, and drizzle with 2 tablespoons oil to help rub adhere. Grill steak, turning occasionally and moving to a cooler spot on grill as needed to control flare-ups, until nicely browned and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 130°F, about 4 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes.
Return steak to grill just to recrisp exterior, about 1 minute per side. Transfer back to cutting board and slice against the grain. Serve topped with salsa.
Salsa can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Coat two 9-inch-diameter cake pans with 1 1/2-inch-high sides with nonstick spray; line bottom of pans with parchment paper rounds.
Mix flour and coconut in medium bowl. Whisk buttermilk and baking soda in small bowl. Using electric mixer, beat sugar and butter in large bowl until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add egg yolks and beat to blend. Add flour mixture in 3 additions alternately with buttermilk mixture in 2 additions, beating just to blend after each addition. Using clean dry beaters, beat egg whites and 1/4 teaspoon salt in another large bowl until peaks form. Add 1/3 of egg white mixture to batter; fold into batter just to blend. Fold in remaining egg white mixture in 2 additions. Divide batter between pans.
Bake cakes until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Cool cakes in pans on racks 10 minutes. Run small sharp knife around sides of cake pans. Invert cakes onto racks. Carefully peel off parchment. Cool cakes completely.
Using electric mixer, beat sugar, cream cheese, butter, and vanilla in large bowl until blended. Place 1 cake layer, flat side up, on plate. Spread with 1 cup frosting. Place second layer, flat side up, atop frosting. Spread remaining frosting over top and sides of cake. Sprinkle some of coconut over top of cake; pat more coconut on sides of cake. DO AHEAD: can be made 1 day ahead. Cover with cake dome and refrigerate. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour before serving.
Combine all ingredients with ice in shaker. Shake well and strain into chilled Martini glasses.
Combine 2 cups mint leaves, 1 1/4 cups water, and sugar in medium saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to very low; cook 5 minutes without simmering. Pour through fine strainer into 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Cool to room temperature; mix in lemon juice. Cover and freeze until firm, stirring occasionally, at least 6 hours or overnight.
Using electric mixer, beat cream, sugar, and mint in medium bowl until peaks form. (Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill. Rewhisk to thicken before using.)
Using fork, scrape granité to form crystals. Place 4 berry slices in each of 6 glasses. Top with 1 generous tablespoon minted cream, then 4 berry slices. Spoon 1/4 cup granité over. Repeat layering with berry slices, minted cream, and granité. Garnish each with berry slice and mint leaf.
1 Preheat an outdoor grill or stovetop grill pan to medium-high.
2 To cut the mangoes, slice off one of the pointed ends on one of them and stand it up on a cutting board. Using a sharp knife, make a cut from top to bottom, removing one of the wide, rounded sides of the mango from the center pit but keeping the side intact. Repeat with the other side. Also cut away any of the mango flesh around the narrow edge of the pit; reserve that flesh for a fruit salad or another use.
3 Peel the two halves removed from the mango, then repeat with the remaining mangoes.
4 Mix the olive oil and salt in a bowl and add the mango halves. Use your hands to mix thoroughly so that all the mango pieces are evenly coated with the mixture.
5 Grill the mango halves for a minute on each side, using a large spatula to turn them. Remove them to the jelly-roll pan.
6 Mix the curry powder and sugar and evenly sprinkle half on the mango halves. Turn the mango halves over and sprinkle the remaining curry mixture on the other side.
7 Return the mango halves to the grill for 30 seconds on each side. Remove the mangoes to the pan again.
8 To assemble the dessert, place a warm grilled mango half on each of 8 dessert plates. Place a scoop of the Coconut Ice Milk next to it, then sprinkle with a tablespoon of the toasted coconut.
Serve immediately. For advance preparation, you may do the first grilling before serving time, then add the curry mixture and do the second grilling right before serving.
Cover and refrigerate any leftover mango halves if you are not using all 8. They are also good cold.
In a medium saucepan, boil the cranberry juice cocktail, the ginger, the cinnamon stick, and the star anise for half an hour or until reduced to 1 cup. Let cool.
Fill a Champagne flute half-full with Champagne and add the brandy. Add 1 ounce Brandy-Cranberry Syrup and mix. Garnish with fresh cranberry.
Preheat oven to 350°F. and butter and flour a 9-inch square baking pan, knocking out excess flour.
In a small bowl stir preserves until smooth. In a heavy 1 1/2-quart saucepan melt chocolate and butter over low heat, stirring, until smooth and remove pan from heat. Cool mixture 10 minutes and stir in sugar, vanilla, and almond extract. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well with a wooden spoon until mixture is glossy and smooth. In a bowl sift together flour, baking powder, and salt and add to chocolate mixture, beating just until batter is combined well.
Spread half of batter evenly in pan. Drop preserves by spoonfuls onto batter and spread carefully to form an even layer. Drop remaining chocolate batter by spoonfuls onto raspberry preserves and spread carefully to form an even top layer. Sprinkle batter evenly with hazelnuts and bake in middle of oven 25 to 30 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean. Cool brownies completely in pan on a rack before cutting into 16 squares. Brownies keep, layered between sheets of wax paper in an airtight container at cool room temperature, 5 days.
Cut butter into 1/4-inch slices. In a large bowl with your fingertips or a pastry blender blend together flour, salt, and butter until mixture resembles coarse meal with some pea-size lumps of butter. Stir in sour cream with a fork until incorporated and form dough into a ball.
Divide dough into 6 portions and form each piece into a 5-inch square. Chill dough, wrapped separately in plastic wrap, until firm, at least 2 hours, and up to 3 days, or freeze, wrapped well, up to 1 month.
Mash enough of bananas to measure 1 cup and in a bowl stir together with remaining filling ingredients until smooth.
On a lightly floured surface roll out 1 dough square (keep remaining dough chilled or frozen) into a 15- by 6-inch rectangle (about 1/8 inch thick). With a sharp knife and a ruler cut rectangle into ten 3-inch squares. Lay squares over ungreased mini-muffin cups (2 cups will remain empty) and drop 1 heaping teaspoon filling onto center of squares. Bring all four corners of squares together and press gently to seal (filling will not be completely enclosed; this process will ease filled pastries into muffin cups). Chill filled pastries 30 minutes. Make more pastries in same manner.
Preheat oven to 375°F.
Bake pastries in batches in lower third of oven until pale golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool pastries in pans on racks 10 minutes and transfer to racks to cool completely. Pastries keep, layered between sheets of wax paper in airtight containers, and frozen, 2 weeks. Before serving, thaw puffs and reheat in one layer on a baking sheet in a 325°F oven 7 to 10 minutes. Cool puffs on a rack.
Dust puffs with confectioners' sugar before serving.
Cook potatoes and garlic in large saucepan of boiling salted water until tender, about 25 minutes. Drain well. Return potatoes and garlic to pot.
Using handheld electric mixer, beat potato mixture at low speed until smooth. Add butter; beat until melted and smooth. Increase speed and whip potatoes just until light and fluffy. Stir in herbs. Season with salt and pepper; serve.
In a small pot, bring 3 ounces of water and jalapeño (including seeds) to a boil. Remove from heat and allow to steep 5 minutes. Strain and add agave. Stir to combine and let cool.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Arrange asparagus in single layer on large baking sheet. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Toss to coat. Roast 30 minutes, turning once. Let cool 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, whisk remaining 1/3 cup olive oil, vinegar, honey and garlic in small bowl to blend. Place greens in large bowl. Add vinaigrette to greens and toss to coat. Mound salad on each of 8 plates. Top with diced apple and cheese, dividing equally. Arrange asparagus on top.
Pur&eaacute;e tomatillos, half of tomatoes, and half of onion with chile, garlic, vinegar, and 1 1/4 teaspoons salt in a blender until smooth.
Force through a medium-mesh sieve into a bowl, discarding solids.
Stir in remaining tomatoes and onion, water, oil, and cilantro. Chill until cold, at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours.
Toast cumin in heavy small skillet over medium heat until slightly darkened, about 1 minute. Transfer to small bowl. Add mayonnaise and lemon juice; whisk dressing until smooth.
Toss chicken, nectarines, celery, and onion in large bowl. Stir in dressing. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Spoon salad into lettuce leaves and sprinkle with almonds. Divide among 4 plates and serve.
Cook onions in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 5 minutes. Using large strainer, transfer onions to bowl; set aside to cool. Return water to boil; add more salt. Add brussels sprouts and boil until just tender, about 6 minutes. Drain well; cool. Peel onions, leaving core intact. Cut brussels sprouts in half through root end. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Combine vegetables in medium bowl; cover and chill.)
Whisk 3 tablespoons horseradish, flour, and allspice in small bowl to blend; whisk in whipping cream. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add chopped thyme and stir 30 seconds. Add vegetables and sauté until heated through, about 4 minutes. Add cream mixture and cook until vegetables are coated and cream mixture is reduced to glaze, stirring often, about 3 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper, adding more horseradish by 1/4 teaspoonfuls, if desired. Transfer vegetables to bowl. Garnish with thyme sprigs, if desired.
Preheat oven to 400°F. Steam parsnips until tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer to baking sheet; roast until light brown, about 45 minutes. Puree in processor.
Bring water, butter and salt to boil in heavy medium saucepan, stirring until butter melts. Reduce heat to low. Add flour all at once; stir vigorously until mixture forms ball, about 2 minutes. Transfer hot paste to bowl of heavy-duty mixer fitted with paddle attachment. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Continue beating 1 minute. Add 2 cups parsnip puree to paste mixture (reserve any remaining puree for another use); beat to blend. Stir in pepper. (Dough can be made 2 hours ahead. Cover and let stand at room temperature.)
Preheat oven to 350°F. Line large baking sheets with parchment. Transfer dough to pastry bag fitted with larger star tip. Pipe 2-inch-diameter rosettes onto sheets, spacing apart. Bake gnocchi until crisp and beginning to brown, about 25 minutes. Using spatula, transfer gnocchi to plates. Top with parsley, if desired.
Place the butter, sugar, and salt in a medium saucepan. Over medium-high heat, cook, stirring constantly, until the butter has melted and the sugar has dissolved. Stir in the cream, and cook for another 3 or 4 minutes, until the mixture boils.
Coarsely grate zucchini, then toss with 2 teaspoons salt and let stand 30 minutes.
While zucchini stands, peel potatoes and cut into 1/3-inch dice.
Heat oil in skillet over medium-high heat until hot, then add potatoes, onion, and 3/4 teaspoon salt. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook (without browning), uncovered, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes.
Transfer zucchini to a colander to drain, then squeeze small handfuls to remove as much liquid as possible, transferring as squeezed to a small bowl.
Add zucchini to potatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender and zucchini is slightly browned, about 15 minutes. Drain vegetables in colander set over a bowl, reserving oil. Cool 5 minutes.
Lightly beat eggs in a large bowl, then stir in vegetables, 1 tablespoon reserved oil, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper.
Return 1 tablespoon reserved oil to skillet and add egg mixture, pressing potatoes flush with eggs. Cook over low heat, covered, until almost set and underside is golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 15 minutes.
Run a rubber spatula around tortilla and shake skillet gently to loosen (if bottom sticks, carefully slide spatula underneath). Slide tortilla onto a large flat plate, then cover with skillet and invert tortilla back into skillet. Round edge of tortilla with rubber spatula and cook over low heat, uncovered, until set, about 15 minutes more.
Slide tortilla onto a serving plate and cut into wedges. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until it shimmers, then cook garlic, stirring, until golden, about 3 minutes. Transfer garlic with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain.
Cook onion in oil remaining in skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add currants and cook, stirring, until plumped, about 1 minute.
Stir chard stems into onion mixture with water and 3/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Cook, covered, over medium-high heat until almost tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in chard leaves and cook, covered, until stems and leaves are tender, about 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, cook spaghetti in a pasta pot of boiling salted water (2 tablespoons salt for 5 quarts water) until al dente. Reserve 1 cup pasta-cooking water and drain spaghetti.
Toss spaghetti with chard, olives, and 1/2 cup cooking water, adding more cooking water if necessary. Season with salt and pepper. Serve sprinkled with feta and garlic chips.
Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat) or preheat broiler. Brush swordfish generously with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill or broil until just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer steaks to plate and cut into chunks. Serve swordfish with corn tortillas, lime wedges, cabbage, Pico de Gallo and sour cream, allowing guests to assemble their own tacos.
Combine all ingredients in bowl. Season to taste with salt. (Can be prepared 6 hours ahead. Store at room temperature.)
Preheat oven to 350°F. Oil or butter a 9- by 2-inch round springform pan and line bottom with a round of parchment paper or foil.
In a double boiler or a bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water melt chocolates and butter, stirring until smooth. Remove top of double boiler or bowl from heat and stir in bourbon or rum.
In a food processor pulse pecans with 3/4 cup sugar until finely ground. Transfer mixture to a bowl and stir in flour.
In another bowl with an electric mixer beat whites with salt at medium speed until white, opaque, and beginning to hold their shape. Gradually add remaining 3/4 cup sugar, beating at high speed until whites hold soft (not stiff), slightly glossy peaks. Stir in pecan mixture with a spatula until well blended and fold in chocolate mixture until no streaks remain (batter will deflate).
Pour batter into pan and smooth top. Bake cake in middle of oven 50 minutes, or until a tester inserted into center comes out clean. Run a thin knife around edge of cake to loosen and invert cake onto a rack to cool completely.
Remove parchment or foil and transfer cake to a platter. Cake may be wrapped in plastic wrap and chilled 1 week or frozen 1 month. Bring cake to room temperature before serving.
Just before serving, dust cake with confectioners' sugar.
Purée scallions, garlic, ginger, gochujang, fish sauce, and rice vinegar in a blender. Heat oil in a large skillet over high heat. Cook cabbage, tossing often, until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Add scallion mixture and sliced scallions; season with salt.
Peel potatoes and cut into 2-inch pieces. (If using red potatoes, it is not necessary to peel them). In a large heavy saucepan simmer potatoes in salted water to cover by 1 inch 10 minutes, or until tender, and drain in a colander. In pan or bowl combine potatoes, butter, and 3/4 cup milk. With a potato masher mash potatoes until smooth, adding more milk if necessary to make creamy. In pan reheat potatoes over moderately low heat, stirring, and season with salt and pepper.
Spray metal blade of processor with nonstick spray. Add dried cranberries to processor and coarsely chop. Add nonfat cream cheese, goat cheese, nonfat yogurt and 2 teaspoons honey; process until well blended. Taste and add 1 teaspoon honey, if desired. Transfer spread to bowl. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.)
Preheat oven to 400°F.
Cut fennel bulbs crosswise into 1/16-inch-thick slices with slicer. Peel potatoes and cut crosswise into 1/16-inch-thick slices with slicer.
Transfer fennel and potatoes to baking dish and toss with garlic, salt, pepper, and 4 tablespoons oil. Spread vegetables evenly in dish and bake, covered with foil, in middle of oven until just tender, 25 to 30 minutes.
Season fish with salt and pepper and arrange on top of vegetables. Drizzle with remaining 2 tablespoons oil and bake, uncovered, until fish is just cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes.
Available at Asian markets, many cookware shops, and Uwajimaya (800-889-1928).
Butter 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish. Mix 1 3/4 cups sour cream, chilies, green onions, 1/2 cup cilantro and cumin in large bowl. Mix in chicken and 1 cup cheddar cheese. Season filling to taste with salt and pepper.
Spoon generous 1/2 cup filling down center of each tortilla. Top filling with cream cheese strip. Roll up each tortilla, enclosing filling. Arrange enchiladas seam side down in prepared dish. (Can be made 3 hours ahead. Cover and chill.)
Preheat oven to 350°F. Pour picante sauce over enchiladas. Cover and bake until sauce bubbles and enchiladas are heated through, about 45 minutes. Uncover, sprinkle with remaining 1 cup cheddar cheese and bake until cheese melts, about 5 minutes.
Top with remaining sour cream. Garnish with cilantro, if desired.
Pass first 5 ingredients through a juicer. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl. Stir in lemon juice. Pour into glasses.
Combine first 9 ingredients in large pot. Bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer until chicken is cooked through, about 35 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer chicken and carrots to platter; cool slightly. Pull chicken meat off bones in bite-size pieces; set aside. Discard bones. Thinly slice carrots and reserve. Strain broth; discard solids in strainer. Pour 1 1/2 cups broth into heavy medium saucepan. Bring to boil. Add rice and bring to boil. Reduce heat to low; cover and cook until broth is absorbed and rice is tender, about 20 minutes.
Return remaining broth, chicken pieces and sliced carrots to same large pot. Bring to simmer. Stir in cooked rice. Season soup with salt and pepper. Ladle soup into bowls. Sprinkle with parsley and serve.
Mix first 4 ingredients in small bowl to blend. Mix in chicken, bell pepper, tomato, jicama and onion. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.)
Preheat oven to 350°F. Cut corn bread into 1/3-inch-thick slices. Cut each slice diagonally in half, forming 2 triangles. Place on 2 baking sheets. Bake until lightly toasted, about 10 minutes. Cool.
Top each triangle with 1 tablespoon chicken salad. Arrange on platter. Garnish each with parsley leaf, if desired.
Combine first 3 ingredients in processor; blend until clumps form. Gather dough into ball; flatten into square. Wrap in plastic; freeze until cold enough to roll, about 15 minutes, or refrigerate up to 1 day.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Butter baking sheet. Cut dough crosswise in half. Roll out each piece on floured surface to 12x8-inch rectangle. Spread each with 1/4 cup jam. Top each with 1/2 cup coconut and 1/2 cup cherries. Starting at 1 long side, roll dough up jelly-roll style; seal long seam. Cut each roll crosswise into 12 pieces. Arrange pieces, cut side up, on prepared sheet. Flatten each to 1/2-inch thickness.
Bake cookies until golden brown, about 25 minutes. Cool on rack.
In a skillet cook the onion and the sliced fennel in 2 tablespoons of the butter, covered, over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, for 12 minutes, or until the fennel is just tender. Stir in the Sherry and boil the mixture, uncovered, for 1 minute. Stir in the cream, the vinegar, the fennel seeds, and salt and pepper to taste, cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, adding the water as needed to thin the sauce if desired, for 30 seconds. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and keep it warm.
In the skillet, cleaned, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon butter over moderately high heat until the foam subsides and in it sauté the snapper, starting skin sides down, for 3 minutes on each side, or until it just flakes. Divide the onion and fennel mixture between 2 heated plates and arrange a snapper fillet on each plate.
Using vegetable peeler, remove strip of peel in thin band around center of each potato. Place potatoes in large saucepan; cover with cold water. Sprinkle generously with salt and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium and cook just until potatoes are tender, about 12 minutes. Drain well. Return potatoes to saucepan. Add butter to pan; stir over medium heat until butter melts and coats potatoes. Sprinkle with chives, salt, and pepper. Transfer potatoes to bowl and serve.
With a vegetable peeler remove zest from grapefruit in long pieces. With a sharp knife remove any white pith from pieces if necessary. Stack 3 or 4 pieces and cut pieces lengthwise into julienne strips. Make more strips in same manner.
To a 3-quart saucepan half filled with cold water add strips and bring to a boil. Simmer strips 10 minutes and drain in a sieve. In a small heavy saucepan bring 2/3 cup water, sugar, and corn syrup to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Add strips and simmer gently over low heat until strips are translucent and syrup is thickened, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool strips in syrup. Candied strips keep, covered and chilled, 2 weeks.
Blend together flour, butter, and salt in a bowl with your fingertips or a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal, with remainder in small (pea-size) lumps. Drizzle 6 tablespoons ice water over mixture and gently stir with a fork until incorporated.
Test mixture by gently squeezing a small handful: It should hold together. If not, add more water, 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring after each addition until incorporated. (Do not overwork.)
Turn dough out onto a work surface and divide into 2 portions. With heel of your hand, smear each portion once in a forward motion to distribute fat. Form each portion of dough into a disk. Wrap separately in plastic wrap and chill until firm (1 hour) or up to 1 day.
Squeeze spinach, 1 handful at a time, to extract as much moisture as possible.
Cook half of ham, overlapping slices, in 1/4 tablespoon butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, turning, until golden. Transfer to a plate and cook remaining ham in 1/4 tablespoon more butter in same manner.
Cook onions in remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons butter in same skillet over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Add flour and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Remove from heat, then stir in mustard and cool completely.
Preheat oven to 400°F.
Roll out 1 piece chilled dough into a 13-inch round on a lightly floured surface and fit into a 9-inch pie plate. Spread half of onions evenly in pie shell and season with pepper. Scatter half of spinach and then half of carrots on top and season with pepper. Top with half of ham and half of cheese, pressing down to compress layers. Repeat layering with remaining filling ingredients, seasoning with pepper.
Roll out remaining dough into an 11-inch round on floured surface and place on top of pie. Trim edges of top and bottom crusts, leaving a 1/2-inch overhang, then seal edges and crimp.
Beat egg and brush some over top crust. Cut several steam vents in center.
Bake pie on a baking sheet in middle of oven until top is golden and pie is steaming, 50 to 55 minutes. Cool 15 minutes before serving.
Preheat oven to 450°F. Bring broth to simmer in medium saucepan. Cover and remove from heat. Heat 1-1/2 teaspoons olive oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and sauté until light golden, about 4 minutes. Add rice and stir 1 minute. Add wine and stir until wine evaporates, about 2 minutes. Add 1/2 cup hot broth and cook until liquid is absorbed, stirring frequently. Continue adding more broth, 1/2 cupful at a time, until rice is tender and creamy, stirring frequently and allowing most of broth to be absorbed before adding more, about 25 minutes.
Meanwhile, place asparagus and garlic in shallow baking dish. Drizzle remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons oil over. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Toss to coat with oil. Bake asparagus until tender, turning occasionally, about 16 minutes.
Mix walnuts and grated Parmesan into risotto. Season with salt and pepper. Arrange roasted asparagus in center of 4 plates. Top with risotto.
Place rice in strainer. Rinse under cold water until water runs clear. Drain well. Transfer rice to heavy medium saucepan. Add 3 cups cold water. Stir in ginger. Bring water to boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until rice is tender, about 12 minutes. Remove from heat. Sprinkle peas over rice (do not stir into rice). Cover and let stand 5 minutes. Gently stir peas into rice. Season rice lightly with salt. Transfer to bowl and serve.
Stir all the ingredients over ice, then strain into a double rocks glass over 1 large ice cube. Garnish with the lemon and orange twists.
Sprinkle saffron over hot water in a small cup and let stand 1 minute.
Blend saffron mixture with remaining ingredients and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a blender until smooth.
In the bowl of a food processor, combine the mangoes, orange zest, sugar, lime juice, and 1 cup water. Process until the mixture is smooth. Pour through a fine-mesh sieve set over a large bowl then press gently on and discard any solids (there will be about 3 cups syrup). Transfer to a freezer-safe dish, cover with plastic, and freeze until the mixture is firm 2 inches in from the sides, about 2 hours. Scrape into a food processor and process until the mixture is slushy. Repeat the freezing and processing 2 more times, then freeze for at least 1 hour before serving. DO AHEAD: The ice can be made ahead and stored in the freezer, well wrapped, up to 2 weeks.
Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter with 1 tablespoon of the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the minced onion, garlic, cumin, salt, and pepper, turn the heat down to low, and saute for about 10 minutes, until the onion softens. Transfer the mixture to a blender, then add the mint and cilantro, zests, juices, and rum and puree. Reserve 1/2 cup of the puree and use the rest to marinate the chicken for a few hours in the refrigerator.
